http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Sword_(novel)	Sharpe's Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grusin	Dave Grusin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Stuff_(1956_film)	Hot Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_What's_Good_for_Me	Do What's Good for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prêt-à-Porter_(film)	Prêt-à-Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days/Light_Years	Dark Days/Light Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yards	The Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flintstone_Christmas	A Flintstone Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Shook_Me_All_Night_Long	You Shook Me All Night Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_(2003_film)	Sylvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Oscar_Wilde	The Trials of Oscar Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Blonde_from_Bashful_Bend	The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courteney_Cox	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q58912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Fletcher	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182372
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchalankurichi_(film)	Panchalankurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-au-Prince	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34261
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Mustaine	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Monday_(New_Order_song)	Blue Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_(film)	North Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Trouble	Monkey Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Gods	Son of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsur_Rahman_(poet)	Shamsur Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Wild	Get Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Las_Vegas_Story_(film)	The Las Vegas Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Wilson	Elizabeth Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepped_on_My_J'z	Stepped on My J'z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_25th_Hour_(film)	The 25th Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Cannavale	Enzo Cannavale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_sorprese_dell'amore	Le sorprese dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakeven_(song)	Breakeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Verne's_Rocket_to_the_Moon	Jules Verne's Rocket to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Morocco	Road to Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amu_(film)	Amu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Has_Plans	The Lady Has Plans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Seymour_Hoffman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180560
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Spirit_(film)	Earth Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommersby	Sommersby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambling,_Gods_and_LSD	Gambling, Gods and LSD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malamaal_Weekly	Malamaal Weekly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_(Kellie_Pickler_song)	Tough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Charles	Ray Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Union	Soviet Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Hauser	Cole Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q663014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_America	America America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Springsteen	Bruce Springsteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Wow_(rapper)	Bow Wow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Genn	Leo Genn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Howard_(journalist)	Paul Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge_(1940_film)	Waterloo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_MacDonald_(American_actor)	Kenneth MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Abdullin	Denis Abdullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricky_Brains	Tricky Brains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Voight	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q167520
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Knuckles_(album)	Brass Knuckles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_We're_Alone_Now	I Think We're Alone Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Used_to_Wait	We Used to Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_(film)	The Princess Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraldo_Da_Roma	Eraldo Da Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Riesenfeld	Hugo Riesenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_Hearts_and_Coronets	Kind Hearts and Coronets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pal	George Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Britton	Connie Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(Drake_song)	Up All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Wave_(1990_film)	Heat Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conformist_(film)	The Conformist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaala_Patthar	Kaala Patthar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Željko_Ivanek	Željko Ivanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soprano_Home_Movies	Soprano Home Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(2007_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharla_Cheung	Sharla Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_High	High School High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Broca	Philippe de Broca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneers_(song)	Pioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Caught_Fire	The Day the Earth Caught Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Blandings_Builds_His_Dream_House	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1704776
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlander_(film)	Outlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(film)	Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)	Mark Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Flow_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3772647
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Matter_(film)	The Heart of the Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_a..._Metro	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1347849
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobana	Shobana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lafia	John Lafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_There_(album)	Let Me Be There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lass_uns_tanzen	Lass Uns Tanzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Film	Fox Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_If_You_Want_It	Only If You Want It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixteen-Millimeter_Shrine	The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Johnson	Too Much Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valar_Morghulis	Valar Morghulis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Day_(50_Cent_song)	New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_for_Now_(Desperate_Housewives)	Goodbye for Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventures_of_Merlin_Jones	The Misadventures of Merlin Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeni_Blokhin	Yevgeniy Blokhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bevis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3488509
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_M._Schenck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1707966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Holland's_Opus	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q564893
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Fury	Desert Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Mastrantonio	Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_of_Iron	Cross of Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partners_(TV_series)	The Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Dramatic_Art	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q523926
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarella_(film)	Barbarella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Kingdom_of_the_Crystal_Skull	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182373
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kassir	John Kassir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_in_a_Bottle_(song)	Message in a Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Príncipe	Tu Pr\u00edncipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfio_Contini	Alfio Contini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darling_Clementine	My Darling Clementine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baganda	Baganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Buddy	Buddy Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_to_America	Coming to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Invasion	The Secret Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Song	King Kong Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_the_Year	Woman of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_James	Rick James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Lies,_and_Videotape	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Under_Ground_(film)	Ripley Under Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexorcist	The Sexorcist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taming_of_the_Shrew_(1967_film)	The Taming of the Shrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_I_Love_You_(Jay-Z_and_Kanye_West_song)	Why I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger's_Hand	The Stranger's Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZaSu_Pitts	ZaSu Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_the_Enemy_(Babylon_5)	The Face of the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_Santoshi	Rajkumar Santoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_U_Heaven	I Wish U Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Conte	Richard Conte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Kiss	Secret Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Launder	Frank Launder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Birch	Simon Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_(music_director)	Ravi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lederer	Charles Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark	Laurence Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Shorty_(film)	Get Shorty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_(actor)	Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(2009_film)	Wonder Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Bassett	Angela Bassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-wai	Tony Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houdini_(film)	Houdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Kinnear	Roy Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Quest	Galaxy Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land_(1987_film)	No Man's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_You	Tattoo You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_Code	The Fortune Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance_music	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q170435
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Solter	Harry Solter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Man_from_Rio	That Man from Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubles_(2000_film)	Doubles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Robin_Crusoe,_U.S.N.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q222732
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Kung-Fu_Generation	Asian Kung-Fu Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_Atkinson	Rowan Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Enchanted_(film)	Ella Enchanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfantozzi	Superfantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic!_at_the_Disco	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q277551
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Live	Let Us Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_(1972_film)	Pulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Love	Tragic Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(U.S._TV_series)	Thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karate_Chop_(song)	Karate Chop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snatch_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q335160
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Jolla	La Jolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Devil	The Little Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan's_Reef	Donovan's Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bates	Barbara Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Game	Surviving the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Sentai_Kakuranger	Ninja Sentai Kakuranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Frank	Margot Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Spelling	Aaron Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Didn't_Have_You_(Thompson_Square_song)	If I Didn't Have You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Penn	Chris Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Lohman	Alison Lohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Gooding,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q136209
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Pity	Senza pietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs_(song)	Venus in Furs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_(film)	The Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(1994_film)	North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renacer_(song)	Renacer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulvio_Lucisano	Fulvio Lucisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1941_(film)	1941
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Near_the_Water_(film)	Don't Go Near the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro_(film)	Uuno Turhapuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Until_Dark_(film)	Wait Until Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Spell_(film)	Hot Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Henley	Don Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Danny_Rose	Broadway Danny Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_(Lil_Wayne_song)	John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3×3	3×3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Pierce_(miniseries)	Mildred Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Ferrini	Franco Ferrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Johnson	Tennessee Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburn_(Muse_song)	Sunburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Uncertain_Feeling_(film)	That Uncertain Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squaw_Man_(1931_film)	The Squaw Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masked_Monkey	The Masked Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Chair	The Thirteenth Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Records	MGM Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Larter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbers_Lucent	Numbers Lucent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Penn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44221
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Odessa_(film)	Little Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Girl%3F	Nice Girl?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Matheson	Tim Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_in_Itself	Love, in Itself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Stallone	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40026
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_LeGros	James LeGros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_(actress)	Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Coffey	Scott Coffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_City_(1937_film)	Big City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_che_segno_sei%3F	Di che segno sei?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_May	Elaine May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swades	Swades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Go_Home	Everybody Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Nazi_Spy	Confessions of a Nazi Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsignor_(film)	Monsignor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Douglas_(director)	Gordon Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Baron_Cohen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q29055
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branko_Radivojevič	Branko Radivojevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_in_Revolt_(film)	Youth in Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_World	Innocent World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River_(song)	Green River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_University	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309350
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Virkler	Dennis Virkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_Tomorrow	The Day After Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gig_Young	Gig Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deconstruction_of_Falling_Stars	The Deconstruction of Falling Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuolema_Tekee_Taiteilijan	Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_Dawson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228692
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan	Ronald Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bacon	Lloyd Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Prabhakar_Reddy	M. Prabhakar Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Couldn't_Say_No_(1954_film)	She Couldn't Say No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacı_Ömer_Sabancı	Hacı Ömer Sabancı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Crowe	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q129817
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Caan	James Caan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Country_Fell_a_Star	In the Country Fell a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Games_(film)	Patriot Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Morris_(American_actor)	Wayne Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murari_(film)	Murari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Foster	Preston Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Rybakov	Alexander Rybakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIV_of_France	Louis XIV of France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bus_Stop_(1956_film)	Bus Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Ravetch	Irving Ravetch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catamenia_(band)	Catamenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Gotta_Go,_Go_Now	If You Gotta Go, Go Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenians	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q79797
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Song_(Taylor_Swift_song)	Our Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(1967_film)	The Comedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honjitsu_wa_Seiten_Nari	Honjitsu wa Seiten Nari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorce_of_Lady_X	The Divorce of Lady X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cris_Abrego	Cris Abrego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sky_(1953_film)	Island in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Deutsch	Adolph Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Rich	Vivian Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Zborowski	Samuel Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Witch	I Married a Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Hong_Kong	The Road to Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slipper_and_the_Rose	The Slipper and the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Misérables_(1995_film)	Les Misérables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Ross	Herbert Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Moore	Owen Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neha_Dhupia	Neha Dhupia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushroom_Records	Mushroom Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Calamitous_Elopement	A Calamitous Elopement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singer_Not_the_Song	The Singer Not the Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Document_Z-3	Document Z-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Roberts	Eric Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley	Elvis Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djurgårdens_IF_Hockey	Djurgårdens IF Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Fear_(1943_film)	Journey into Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Things_We_Left_Behind	The Things We Left Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Jesus	Personal Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_the_Yankees	The Pride of the Yankees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Friedhofer	Hugo Friedhofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Elwes	Cary Elwes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Terror	Tales of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untouched_(Angel)	Untouched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Dunn	Nora Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_(film)	Orca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_D._Williams_(cinematographer)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3082556
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayanthara	Nayantara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Sommers	Stephen Sommers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincente_Minnelli	Vincente Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_L._Smith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q949387
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Scream_of_the_Missing_Neighbors	Last Scream of the Missing Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hardy	Oliver Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tzachor	Jonathan Tzachor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Little_Diamonds	Four Little Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Movie	Tom and Jerry: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown_(Lost)	Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_giorno_in_pretura	Un giorno in pretura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arista_Records	Arista Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch	David Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actress	The Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Penzance_(film)	The Pirates of Penzance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedella_Marley	Cedella Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_We_Lost_in_the_Fire_(film)	Things We Lost in the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Tree	The Singing Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_and_Misdemeanors	Crimes and Misdemeanors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dunwich_Horror_(film)	The Dunwich Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fracture_(2007_film)	Fracture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterinburg	Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Shawn	Wallace Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Fury	Young Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_Smoking_(film)	Thank You for Smoking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenity_(film)	Serenity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Infidelity	High Infidelity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Maibaum	Richard Maibaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_(John_Lennon_and_Yoko_Ono_song)	New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk	Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elle_Fanning	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228943
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_Slam	Glam Slam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Unseen	Enemy Unseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA	RCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own	A League of Their Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gilmour	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q178517
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Thulin	Ingrid Thulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigas_Luna	Bigas Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_127	Fiat 127
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakti:_The_Power	Shakti: The Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Draw_Egan	The Return of Draw Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Hendricks	Christina Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Dishonorable_(1951_film)	Strictly Dishonorable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About_the_Benjamins	It's All About the Benjamins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baberske	Robert Baberske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy_Pictures	Savoy Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Lady_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews	Jewish people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Nights	Warm Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rulers_of_the_Sea	Rulers of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always,_Always	Always, Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway_Went_Thataway	Callaway Went Thataway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_Cydonia	Knights of Cydonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Falls_on_Manhattan	Night Falls on Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Prince	Poison Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(2010_film)	When in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandpiper	The Sandpiper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooler_than_Me	Cooler than Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Barreto	Bruno Barreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Aerial_Warship	Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_into_Morning	Solitudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_the_Ape_Man_(1981_film)	Tarzan, the Ape Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_Earth_(film)	Gone to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California	Long Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_(song)	Wizard (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_Records	Massacre Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lift	The Big Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Moment_(song)	For the Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Harrelson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201279
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_the_Great_(film)	Alfred the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pest_Man_Wins	Pest Man Wins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Dunn	Ryan Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Going_Now	Tolgo il disturbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Denner	Charles Denner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Rock_Cried_Out,_No_Hiding_Place	And the Rock Cried Out, No Hiding Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Björk	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42455
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex	Middlesex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relativity_Media	Relativity Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo	Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Clark	Fred Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Kills_(film)	Winter Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson	Arnold Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Letter,_Darling	Take a Letter, Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Goldman	Jean-Jacques Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Widen	Gregory Widen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Ayres	Sydney Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Berman	Rick Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaul_Theek_Hai	Mahaul Theek Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Three	These Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_Before_Dawn	Decision Before Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Macnee	Patrick Macnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Lynch	Kelly Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hats_Off_(1927_film)	Hats Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Flying_Express	The Mystery of the Flying Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montagu_Love	Montagu Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi	Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Live_with_Me_(film)	Come Live with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Chance_of_Love_(season_1)	first season of Real Chance of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_(film)	Palmetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meagan_Good	Meagan Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Rangoon_(album)	Crab Rangoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Thief_(film)	The Good Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_(The_Young_Ones)	Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_(song)	Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owning_Mahowny	Owning Mahowny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Crazy_Nights	Crazy Crazy Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_on_the_Hill	Thunder on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit_II	Smokey and the Bandit II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_(film)	Tombstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajnabee_(2001_film)	Ajnabee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia's_Journey_(film)	Felicia's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_at_Wolfe's_Door	Three at Wolfe's Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbed_Wire_Kisses	Barbed Wire Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Jerk	Cool Jerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.I.D._Moosa	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5006132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_De_Vinna	Clyde De Vinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Break-Up	The Break-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inquisition_(Captain_Scarlet)	The Inquisition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Preisner	Zbigniew Preisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Kidettes	The Space Kidettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Epic	Dirty Epic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starlight_(Muse_song)	Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ritchie_(film_director)	Michael Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Girls	Chelsea Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcutta_(1947_film)	Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amjad_Khan	Amjad Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Wilson's_War	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q273568
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Gordiuk	Viktor Gordiuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stop_the_Disco	Can't Stop the Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(1996_film)	Faithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarm_Call	Alarm Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armada_Music	Armada Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(1962_film)	The Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Epps	Mike Epps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Sky	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q110278
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fairbanks	Douglas Fairbanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Photogenic	I'm Photogenic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Reed	Pamela Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_University	George Washington University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tideland_(film)	Tideland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_(Ja_Rule_song)	New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Loos	Anita Loos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_(film)	Greed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Marvin	Lee Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jello_Biafra	Jello Biafra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Wills	Chill Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Arcalli	Franco Arcalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asta_Nielsen	Asta Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Harrison	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181887
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Jazz_Noise_Here	Make a Jazz Noise Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Blues_(album)	Nashville Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Earl_Jones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_Pee-wee	Big Top Pee-wee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Family_Entertainment	Warner Bros. Family Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Holiday_(song)	Summer Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Met_My_Love_Again	I Met My Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Valentine's_Day_Massacre_(film)	The St. Valentine's Day Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_(film)	The Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_a_Day	Around the World in a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Hard_Road_Out_of_Hell	Long Hard Road Out of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khubsoorat	Khubsoorat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_(film)	Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_S.P.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1987626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo	Fred Niblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Powder_Mystery	The French Powder Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyClan's_Destiny	SkyClan's Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_(1977_film)	Il gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Dark	Keep It Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hopper	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q102711
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Millionaire_for_Christy	A Millionaire for Christy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MU330	MU330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Understand	Help Me Understand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Bendjelloul	Malik Bendjelloul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Diva	Virtual Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dilemma	The Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Oldoini	Enrico Oldoini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi-6	Delhi-6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_on_the_Corner	Down on the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Blondell	Joan Blondell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Campbell	Martin Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Arms	Up in Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin(s)	Assassin(s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_o'_the_Times	Sign "O" the Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokin'_Aces	Smokin' Aces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_on_a_Train_(film)	Strangers on a Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Epps	Omar Epps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro_–_This_Is_My_Life	Uuno Turhapuro \u2013 This Is My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scapegoat_(1959_film)	The Scapegoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novella	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q149537
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan_(character)	Jack Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Banners	White Banners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Fish	Rumble Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Care_of_Business	Taking Care of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Average_Little_Man	An Average Little Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Gyllenhaal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133313
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Reacher_(film)	Jack Reacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_on_the_Bar_Room_Floor_(1914_film)	The Face on the Bar Room Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofía_Vergara	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q231911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Child	Lincoln Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennings_Lang	Jennings Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thengai_Srinivasan	Thengai Srinivasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_(1984_film)	Falling in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Fugitifs	Les Fugitifs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1039367
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyam_(composer)	Shyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Manhattan	Little Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fill_the_Cup	Come Fill the Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Birds	Free Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy.Discovery.Invention	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6296976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Dick	Carry On Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Maiden_for_a_Prince	A Maiden for a Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesh_Sippy	Ramesh Sippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1974_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1974 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstellar_(film)	Interstellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Murder_Mystery	Manhattan Murder Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Ocean	Atlantic Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakesh_Roshan	Rakesh Roshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey!_Say!_JUMP	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1061174
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetima	Zetima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_(Super_Furry_Animals_song)	Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1973_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1973 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(2015_Disney_film)	Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Over_It_(film)	Get Over It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Girl_Friday	His Girl Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Nights_(song)	London Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Sherman	Lowell Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramore	Paramore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sun_(Paul_Kelly_album)	Under the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tress_MacNeille	Tress MacNeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlia_(song)	Dahlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_Companies_II	The Crazy Companies II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Too_Far	One Step Too Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Punto	Fiat Punto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_Te_Extraño_Corazón	Como Te Extra\u00f1o Coraz\u00f3n
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murali_Gopy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6937281
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(film)	Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Payne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q313566
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Que_mon_cœur_lâche	Que mon cœur lâche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Seitz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q724695
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Thompson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q168724
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunder_Boys	Blunder Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_(Mr._Children_album)	Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOC_Kargil	LOC Kargil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Fuzz	Hot Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woh_Jo_Hasina	Woh Jo Hasina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_Carta_Holy_Grail	Magna Carta Holy Grail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_March	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyga	Lorena Olarte aguilar jenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Beck	Christophe Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_a_Witness	Time for a Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Fontaine	Joan Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Van_Patten	Dick Van Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_ay_Time_in_Mumbai_Dobaara!	Once Upon Ay Time In Mumbai Dobaara!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(1986_film)	Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Stink_Breath	Geek Stink Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_Ganesan	Sivaji Ganesan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Goes_On_(Velvet_Underground_song)	What Goes On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Philadelphians	The Young Philadelphians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_of_Barbara_Worth	The Winning of Barbara Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_Sinclair	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216134
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_(TV_series)	Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Puttnam	David Puttnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock,_Arkansas	Little Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Nightwish_album)	Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_After_Reading	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q381731
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188459
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_St._John	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1277167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Yeah_(Ash_song)	Oh Yeah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyo_Sentai_Sun_Vulcan	Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaalia	Kaalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathan	Bharathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocteau_Twins	Cocteau Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Sun	Sleeping Sun (Four Ballads of the Eclipse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Cicognini	Alessandro Cicognini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AP_Films	AP Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamscape_(1984_film)	Dreamscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bard_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Bard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tam	Alan Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_wave_music	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187760
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kelly_(Australian_musician)	Paul Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defiant_Ones	The Defiant Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Shelly	Adrienne Shelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blonde	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q500093
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Inferno_(50_Cent_song)	Disco Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cassavetes	Nick Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_43	Shell 43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigamist_(1956_film)	The Bigamist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_to_Dust_(Babylon_5)	Dust to Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(Oasis_song)	Stand by Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrier's_Bounty	Perrier's Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Whedon	Joss Whedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universal	The Universal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192557
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bambolona	La bambolona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Mary	Proud Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnell_(film)	Parnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Love_(1918_film)	The Great Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Guardians	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q136625
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Game_(song)	Cross Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Gerwig	Greta Gerwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Oaks,_Los_Angeles	Sherman Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_the_Pink_Floyd_/_Masters_of_Rock	The Best of the Pink Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackpot	The Jackpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilip_Kumar	Dilip Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Gardner_Sullivan	C. Gardner Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_(1927_film)	The Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamehameha_II	Kamehameha II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jokerit	Jokerit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingami	Pingami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That_on_Stage_Anymore,_Vol._5	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1194828
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Station_(film)	Terminal Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven-Per-Cent_Solution_(film)	The Seven-Per-Cent Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_(1989_film)	The Big Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(1999_film)	Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurlyburly_(film)	Hurlyburly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Usual_Suspects	The Usual Suspects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan	Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Servant	Master and Servant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intolerance_(film)	Intolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Corner	The Dark Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapes_of_Love/Never_Stop!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3274436
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism	Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfortunes_of_Mr._Teal	The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Spottiswoode	Roger Spottiswoode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Messing	Debra Messing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Dailey	Dan Dailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_(band)	Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johny_Mera_Naam	Johny Mera Naam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adjuster	The Adjuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WingNut_Films	Wingnut Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q499656
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Voyou	Le Voyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Conway_(filmmaker)	Jack Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Murphy_(actor)	Michael Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_a_Big_Way	Living in a Big Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Sixteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Pollak	Kevin Pollak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Saint	Enter the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Hide	Nothing to Hide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onna_to_Otoko_no_Lullaby_Game	Onna to Otoko no Lullaby Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flickering_Torch_Mystery	The Flickering Torch Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir_(song)	Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Angels	One for the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Black_(song)	Back to Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigolo_(The_Damned_song)	Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boobs_in_Arms	Boobs in Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Thompson_(actor)	Jack Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_80	Star 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Hurt	Mary Beth Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_(song)	Static
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokenrol	Rokenrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Taylor	Holland Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Elfman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricks_of_the_Light	Tricks of the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paheli	Paheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q129092
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice	Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_at_the_Races_(film)	A Day at the Races
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Me_to_You	From Me to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroppoi_Jirettai	Iroppoi Jirettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawbreaker_(film)	Jawbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry	Tyler Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Means_War_(film)	This Means War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Waltz	The Last Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_(Desperate_Housewives)	Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Glazachev	Konstantin Glazachev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangana_Ranaut	Kangana Ranaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_(film)	Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(film)	9 to 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_2	Scream 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_and_Silences	Sounds and Silences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rains_Came	The Rains Came
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_Clouds_Roll_By	Till the Clouds Roll By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisterhood_of_the_Traveling_Pants_(film)	The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Day_(film)	Gideon's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_to_Look_At	Lovely to Look At
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Storm	J Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_at_St._Anna	Miracle at St. Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_(1935_film)	The Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Serious_Man	A Serious Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasabi_(film)	Wasabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1954_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q152493
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Women	His Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Waterman_Entertainment	Pete Waterman Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Bad_(1950_film)	Born to Be Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_First_Misunderstanding	Their First Misunderstanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_(film)	Slim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q474033
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_the_Red_Banner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q337463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Loves	Two Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thazhvaram	Thazhvaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_IV	Rocky IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1976_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1976 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel,_Cruel_Love	Cruel, Cruel Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Singer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220751
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Ropes	Against the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Berkoff	Steven Berkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wallace_(director)	Richard Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Fi_Message	Hi-Fi Message
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Strangers	House of Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Benson	Jodi Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Came_the_Brawn	Came the Brawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Yong_Bosch	Johnny Yong Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_and_Cigarettes	Coffee and Cigarettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/36_Hours_(1965_film)	36 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Generation	Super Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Lyamin	Kirill Lyamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(1998_film)	Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Hunter	Erin Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_King	Bernice King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chèvre	La Chèvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Marshals_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q499535
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Zeno_Churgin	Lisa Zeno Churgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_with_Papa	In viaggio con papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madden_(director)	John Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madly_in_Love	Madly in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers	Coen brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Templars:_In_Sacred_Blood	Templars: In Sacred Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fardeen_Khan	Fardeen Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Arora	Amrita Arora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Like_Hell	Run Like Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFleur_(Lost)	LaFleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_Kohli	Rajkumar Kohli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_This_Club	Love in This Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Green	Seth Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoj_Bajpai	Manoj Bajpai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Butsayev	Vyacheslav Butsayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Won_the_War	How I Won the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_York	Susannah York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Wolf	Hour of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Street_(1937_film)	Quality Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Powell	William Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Philadelphia	Streets of Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Rico	The Brothers Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigoinu_to_Ame_no_Beat	Maigoinu to Ame no Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfer_Rosa	Surfer Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_(song)	Lola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couplet_(Angel)	Couplet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_a_Boy,_Wisdom_of_a_Man	Spirit of a Boy, Wisdom of a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._No_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q102754
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paparazzi_(2004_film)	Paparazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Wisconsin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43788
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Renoir	Jean Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brats	Brats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Associate	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1974702
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_Happen_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Make It Happen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._V._Anand	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3532513
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Clayton_(film)	Michael Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Hidden	Among the Hidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwood_Bredell	Elwood Bredell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presumed_Innocent_(film)	Presumed Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1994_film)	Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry-Baby	Cry-Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Cold_Blood_(film)	In Cold Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_(song)	Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Henry's_Full_House	O. Henry's Full House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(2006_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q151904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast-Walking	Fast-Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Poetry	Pagan Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S*P*Y*S	S*P*Y*S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Howard_Hume	Caroline Howard Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz_(film)	The Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longing_(song)	Longing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(unfinished_film)	Don Quixote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Electra	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185122
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Cenci_(1956_film)	Beatrice Cenci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_(film)	Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò_a_colori	Totò a colori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kārlis_Skrastiņš	Kārlis Skrastiņš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Arnold_(director)	Jack Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dileep_(actor)	Dileep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddy_Water_(Trace_Adkins_song)	Muddy Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(1950_film)	Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Fever	Blonde Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Showgirl	The Prince and the Showgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values	Addams Family Values
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astounding_Sounds,_Amazing_Music	Astounding Sounds, Amazing Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Enough_for_June	Hot Enough for June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_birichino_di_papà	Il birichino di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly,_Last_Summer_(film)	Suddenly, Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Now_Redux	Apocalypse Now Redux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/80,000_Suspects	80,000 Suspects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seewis_im_Prättigau	Seewis im Prättigau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Could_Work_Miracles	The Man Who Could Work Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipsissimus	Ipsissimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbelt	Redbelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurupt	Kurupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_of_Water	A Story of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McQuarrie	Christopher McQuarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Piven	Jeremy Piven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resistance_(album)	The Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Bets	Maxim Bets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford	Ernest Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyricist	lyricist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Genesis_album)	Genesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_to_White_Fang	Challenge to White Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Princess_(1939_film)	The Little Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Error	Night of Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3000_Miles_to_Graceland	3000 Miles to Graceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Gold_(2008_film)	Fool's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Herlihy	Dan O'Herlihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_D'Onofrio	Vincent D'Onofrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminem	Eminem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_Benders_(film)	The Mind Benders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Me_at_the_Sky	Point Me at the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Anna	The Passion of Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana	Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soldier_and_the_Lady	The Soldier and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_the_Mountain_Grill	Hall of the Mountain Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Any_Girl_(film)	Ask Any Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So._Central_Rain_(I'm_Sorry)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1421663
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Marvin_vs._Derek_Jeter	Lee Marvin vs. Derek Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Gold_(composer)	Ernest Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_the_Industry	F**k the Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Tourist_(film)	The Accidental Tourist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Allen	Woody Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suit_(album)	Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventures_of_Sheriff_Lobo	The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_419	The Girl in 419
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black-Man's_Burdon	The Black-Man's Burdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locus_Solus_(album)	Locus Solus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Antonenko	Oleg Antonenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinod_Khanna	Vinod Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadmau5	deadmau5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Alvida_Naa_Kehna	Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_(2011_film)	Dark Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_P._Schmidt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q340007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singh_Is_Kinng	Singh Is Kinng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osogna	Osogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coda_(album)	Coda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise,_My_Love	Arise, My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oranges_(film)	The Oranges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Omar_Presents:_Meet_the_Orphans	Don Omar Presents: Meet the Orphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusk_(2014_film)	Tusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.O.R.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q84225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_Toons	Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_4_the_Weekend	Something 4 the Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reds_(film)	Reds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles	Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boo_(Usher_and_Alicia_Keys_song)	My Boo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Burdon_Declares_%22War%22	Eric Burdon Declares "War"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Place	Melrose Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Working_Class_Goes_to_Heaven	The Working Class Goes to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Route	The Paper Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNA_Records	BNA Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_Your_Dreams	The Girl of Your Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Detective_2	Nightmare Detective 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberiberg	Oberiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed-e-Mohabbat_Boota_Singh	Shaheed-E-Mohabbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192474
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Morning_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)	Sunday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstie_Alley	Kirstie Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Only_Live_Once_(film)	You Only Live Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlpool_(1949_film)	Whirlpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawaiians_(film)	The Hawaiians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Wall_(song)	Off the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Petrov_(ice_hockey)	Aleksey Petrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Lamour	Dorothy Lamour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_People	Crazy People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Hecht_Lucari	Gianni Hecht Lucari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._P._Putnam's_Sons	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3093062
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42nd_Street_(film)	42nd Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyoncé	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36153
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Bed-Stuy_Barbershop:_We_Cut_Heads	Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_for_Three	Paradise for Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_East_Is_East	Where East Is East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Housewives	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131758
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Go	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q179715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie	David Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Marco_Polo	The Adventures of Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buona_Sera,_Mrs._Campbell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1040848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissioner_(film)	Commissioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Gusarov	Alexei Gusarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafka_(film)	Kafka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekaiichi_Happy_na_Onna_no_Ko	Sekaiichi Happy na Onna no Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_North_Frederick_(film)	Ten North Frederick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duccio_Tessari	Duccio Tessari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar:_The_Last_Airbender	Avatar: The Last Airbender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Varitsky	Igor Varitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_Coast_AVA	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1764996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing	The Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_School	Back to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(2006_film)	Amazing Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Break	Point Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khiladi_786	Khiladi 786
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammootty	Mammootty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Goldwyn	Tony Goldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Night_Falls_(film)	Before Night Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primrose_Path_(film)	Primrose Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tridev_(film)	Tridev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Yours_(Every_Little_Thing_song)	Forever Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Minute_to_Zero	One Minute to Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mkhitar_Djrbashian	Mkhitar Djrbashian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Parade_of_1946	Swing Parade of 1946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Talmadge	Constance Talmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto,_Peppino_and_the_Fanatics	Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_McAlpine	Donald McAlpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be-Imaan	Be-Imaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Collette	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229291
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_II	Trio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_in_Seattle	Battle in Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Paris	Made in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boodle_(The_Saint)	Boodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Davis	Bette Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Angel_(1935_film)	The Dark Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843	Three Upbuilding Discourses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Seluyanov	Alexander Seluyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protector_(1985_film)	The Protector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Cross_(1932_film)	The Sign of the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Aherne	Brian Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDNA_(album)	MDNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free-Will	Free-Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_story	short story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Barrymore	Ethel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_the_Can	Kick the Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundred-Dollar_Baby	Hundred-Dollar Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Black	Back in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_(TV_series)	Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Newborn	Ira Newborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gem_of_a_Jam	A Gem of a Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_Heaven_(1990_film)	My Blue Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslye_Headland	Leslye Headland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sanders	George Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakti_Kapoor	Shakti Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_About_It	Tell Me About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muotathal	Muotathal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twist_(film)	The Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_4	Scary Movie 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_McCarthy-Miller	Beth McCarthy-Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_All_Your_Love_on_Me	Lay All Your Love on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roulette_Records	Roulette Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Souvenir	Just a Souvenir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_and_Day	Knight and Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_Supernova	Champagne Supernova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatari!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q144970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Airship	Tom Swift and His Airship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Ford	Wallace Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisaan	Kisaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arms_of_Orion	The Arms of Orion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Rush	Barbara Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private's_Progress	Private's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Scoundrels_(2006_film)	School for Scoundrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295207
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saazish_(1988_film)	Saazish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Questi	Giulio Questi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_marito	Il marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_I'm_No_Good	You Know I'm No Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abandoned_(1955_film)	The Abandoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Kwan	Rosamund Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricia_Tanaka_Is_Dead	Tricia Tanaka Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_Bureau	The Assassination Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Gloaming_(film)	In the Gloaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_a_Horn_(film)	Young Man with a Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Heads	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q205001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_the_Woman	Joan the Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214227
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Krasinski	John Krasinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heal_the_World	Heal the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Days_(Rascal_Flatts_song)	These Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Bill	Tony Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harrison:_Living_in_the_Material_World	George Harrison: Living in the Material World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Baby	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184255
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(1937_film)	Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Yeoh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214289
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_and_Dagger_(1946_film)	Cloak and Dagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappa_e_ciccia	Pappa e ciccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston	Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_(Lil_Wayne_song)	Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Gold_(Neil_Young_song)	Heart of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Lucidi	Maurizio Lucidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weinstein_Company	The Weinstein Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Serrault	Michel Serrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Marley	Sharon Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_of_Crows_(film)	A Murder of Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fevers_and_Mirrors	Fevers and Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_a_Man_Called_Horse	The Return of a Man Called Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Girl	The River Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Absente	L'Absente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mischief_(film)	White Mischief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan	Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Playground	Violent Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Rundgren	Todd Rundgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Misérables_(2012_film)	Les Misérables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumour_Has_It_(Adele_song)	Rumour Has It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushin'_Weight	Pushin' Weight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque,_New_Mexico	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Maria_Luisa_of_Savoy_(1729–1767)	Princess Maria Luisa of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Mann	Anthony Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teahouse_of_the_August_Moon_(film)	The Teahouse of the August Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox-Bow_Incident	The Ox-Bow Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Perspective_(song)	New Perspective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Harding	Ann Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona	Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Queen	Ellery Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrowland_(film)	Tomorrowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kader_Khan	Kader Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Ground_(film)	Sacred Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ford	John Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_Jaffrey	Saeed Jaffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Coyotes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206312
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week-End_at_the_Waldorf	Week-End at the Waldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Chopra	Prem Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Sheridan	Ann Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Leonard	Marion Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_O'Toole	Annette O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_(Scandal_song)	Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Redgrave	Vanessa Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmur_(album)	Murmur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Cage	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42869
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Beach,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1908566
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious	The Fast and the Furious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Pendergast	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2604250
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Arnett	Will Arnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Heart_(Madonna_album)	Rebel Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunkan_Sentimental	Shunkan Sentimental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaddama	Khaddama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bowers_(filmmaker)	George Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnson_(actor)	Ben Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1995_film)	Kiss of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sopranos	The Sopranos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Melodrama	Manhattan Melodrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Companion	Darling Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon_Story_(1994_film)	Lisbon Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothin'_to_Lose_(Kiss_song)	Nothin' to Lose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinna_Vathiyar	Chinna Vathiyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_My_Friend	Dear My Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_(1947_film)	Fiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_That_Shit	Rockin' That Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Lobo	Rio Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinnin'_Records	Spinnin' Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Lifetime,_Vol._1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128017
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malans,_Switzerland	Malans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti_(song)	Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajadhi_Raja_(2009_film)	Rajadhi Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarket_Fantasy	Supermarket Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys	The Hardy Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42462
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Departed	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_It%3F	What Is It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(2009_film)	Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_(The_Young_Ones)	Sick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Outrage	Beyond Outrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawalaat	Hawalaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Sierra_(film)	High Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio	Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SpongeBob_Movie:_Sponge_Out_of_Water	The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Land	Cop Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garam_Masala_(2005_film)	Garam Masala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaramouche_(1952_film)	Scaramouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused_(film)	Dazed and Confused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Sea	From the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Rites_of_Jeff_Myrtlebank	The Last Rites of Jeff Myrtlebank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benchwarmers	The Benchwarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Angel_(film)	Little Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Life_(2007_film)	Married Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninaithale_Inikkum_(1979_film)	Ninaithale Inikkum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Cuarón	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28028
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remix_of_Gackt	Remix of Gackt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Meeting	Winter Meeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_nostri_mariti	I nostri mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Oswald	Richard Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Day_(The_Killing)	My Lucky Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Stones_Records	Rolling Stones Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_television	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182415
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Barbara_(film)	Major Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_in_the_City	Husbands in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Audette	Donald Audette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Murphy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q168847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Monkeys	For Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_(film)	Golden Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_Sam	Summer of Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(1930_film)	Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_McMullen	The Brothers McMullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rattlesnake_(song)	Rattlesnake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagam_Bhag	Bhagam Bhag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_Records	Bad Boy Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Anand_(Hindi_film_maker)	Vijay Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ani_DiFranco	Ani DiFranco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Little_Thing_(Delirious%3F_song)	Every Little Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation	Star Trek: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Hurwitz	Jon Hurwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDtv	EDtv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Regiment_(novel)	Sharpe's Regiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Victoria	The Young Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42574
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Deuce	Double Deuce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks	Clerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Koch_(film_director)	Michael Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholly_Moses!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1678196
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticket_to_the_Moon	Ticket to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp_(film)	Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_You_(Thompson_Square_song)	I Got You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_the_House	Man About the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Tree_(1993_film)	Joshua Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_&_Today_(song)	Yesterday & Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_(2006_film)	The Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber's_Moon	Bomber's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1946_film)	The Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Medina	Patricia Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuva	Yuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchors_Aweigh_(film)	Anchors Aweigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Take_Over	Love Take Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Baker_Hall	Philip Baker Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Keaton	Buster Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ay_Yo	Ay Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_featuring_Chaka_Khan_(album)	Rufus featuring Chaka Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Finch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q294454
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_(2013_Hindi_film)	David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linguini_Incident	The Linguini Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_You_Down	Lay You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calmos	Calmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therapy_(Loudon_Wainwright_III_album)	Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_profeta	Il profeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Me_When_It's_Over_(film)	Wake Me When It's Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramin_Niami	Ramin Niami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Patrick_Harris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485310
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_(Arashi_album)	Beautiful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Graham	Gerrit Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Raphaelson	Samson Raphaelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gray_(film)	Charlotte Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchrogazer	Synchrogazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outland_(film)	Outland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Paul	Steven Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosei_Sentai_Dairanger	Gosei Sentai Dairanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behave_Yourself!	Behave Yourself!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_on_One	I'm on One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Antipin	Vladimir Antipin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_(1996_film)	101 Dalmatians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Golden_Collection:_Volume_4	Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hera_Pheri_(2000_film)	Hera Pheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Talkin'_Woman	Sweet Talkin' Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Hot	Sweet and Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanus	Titanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Ring_(song)	Ring Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbelina_(1994_film)	Thumbelina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36834
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinxed_(1982_film)	Jinxed!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Buchanan	Edgar Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesh_Khanna	Ramesh Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_G._Carroll	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q919192
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassels_in_the_Air	Tassels in the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_(Alicia_Keys_song)	No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_(film)	Chances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_She_Keeps	The Company She Keeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seijuu_Sentai_Gingaman	Seijuu Sentai Gingaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_York_(film)	Sergeant York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamuna_(actress)	Jamuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter's_Gold	Sutter's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(Ciara_song)	Speechless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Borisov_(ice_hockey)	Sergey Borisov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'était_ici	C'\u00e9tait ici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_All_There_Is	Love Is All There Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombiana	Colombiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_or_Shine_(song)	Rain or Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Chance_(1930_film)	Street of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Girl_(In_the_World)	Only Girl (In the World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Sperling	Milton Sperling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malters	Malters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Connelly	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_for_Lovers	A Place for Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Mildred	George and Mildred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(film)	Turbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill_(film)	King of the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Safronov	Kirill Safronov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Peck	Bob Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Belmondo	Jean-Paul Belmondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Alone_(film)	A Man Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieran_Culkin	Kieran Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter_(song)	Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_III	Rocky III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Bond	Tommy Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palookaville_(film)	Palookaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samudrala_Raghavacharya	Samudrala Raghavacharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Fire_(Lil_Wayne_song)	On Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_(Europe_song)	Cherokee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikyu_Sentai_Fiveman	Chikyu Sentai Fiveman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Victory	Escape to Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speaker_of_Mandarin	The Speaker of Mandarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_IV_of_the_United_Kingdom	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q130586
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox_Home_Entertainment	20th Century Fox Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontstairs_and_Backstairs	Frontstairs and Backstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dehner	John Dehner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219424
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Story_(film)	Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Buffalo_Roam	Where the Buffalo Roam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Price	Vincent Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kurnitz	Harry Kurnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hall	Alexander Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Linen_(film)	Dirty Linen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockaround_Guys	Knockaround Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Thorne	Ken Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Movie!	Steal This Movie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Could_Drive_a_Person_Crazy	You Could Drive a Person Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_Again_(Don_Williams_song)	Say It Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extract_(film)	Extract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondram_Pirai	Moondram Pirai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Grier	Pam Grier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_II	Rocky II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Don_Is_Dead	The Don Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_X:_The_Great_Longneck_Migration	The Land Before Time X: The Great Longneck Migration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Rappeneau	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Case_(film)	Justin Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(Zedd_album)	True Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189074
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian_Cross_Mystery	The Egyptian Cross Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Gave_Him_a_Gun	They Gave Him a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_to_Win_(Sinclair_novel)	A World to Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cube	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q173637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Gardener_(film)	The Spanish Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_RPM	Power Rangers RPM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q186587
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_(1963_film)	The Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_(1989_film)	Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchcock_(film)	Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q960719
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Peet	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131332
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Chen	Joan Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Beast_and_Virtue	L'uomo, la bestia e la virtù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_You_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)	Miss You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(Eskimo_Joe_song)	Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Slade	Susan Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kook's_Tour	Kook's Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lloyd	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q109324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Cerami	Vincenzo Cerami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himmatwala_(2013_film)	Himmatwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Kiss_(1998_film)	Judas Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(1962_film)	The Manchurian Candidate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II_(miniseries)	Pope John Paul II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Rivers	The Crimson Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedma_(film)	Kedma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Room	The Killing Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth:_The_Golden_Age	Elizabeth: The Golden Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Livingston	David Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Motown_Records	Universal Motown Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Angels_Sing	And the Angels Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creedence_Clearwater_Revival	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jis_Desh_Mein_Ganga_Behti_Hai	Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niggas_in_Paris	Niggas in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Emanuele_Filiberto,_Duke_of_Aosta	Prince Emanuele Filiberto, Duke of Aosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Santa_Vittoria	The Secret of Santa Vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billu	Billu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Troschinsky	Alexei Troschinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_Akbar_Anthony	Amar Akbar Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumi_Koda	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229732
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_LaMarche	Maurice LaMarche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckoning_(R.E.M._album)	Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_(song)	Otis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterworld	Waterworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Priest_of_Harmful_Matter:_Tales_from_the_Trial	High Priest of Harmful Matter: Tales From the Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trace_Adkins	Trace Adkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Moon	Bitter Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantrap_(1926_film)	Mantrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four-Calendar_Café	Four-Calendar Café
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_the_Third_Man	Toto the Third Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_Before_Dying_(1991_film)	A Kiss Before Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cheung	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q234778
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedroom_Boogie	Bedroom Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grandmaster_(film)	The Grandmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Fishin'_(film)	Gone Fishin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Married_Life	Mabel's Married Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeevan	Jeevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Till_I_Collapse	'Till I Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters	John Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunil_Dutt	Sunil Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_(1936_film)	Secret Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Tropez_(song)	San Tropez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(franchise)	Psycho tetralogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Boyfriends	Old Boyfriends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Martinelli	Elsa Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Roman	Ruth Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_and_the_Dead_(film)	The Naked and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanaprastham	Vanaprastham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobo's_Last_Ride	The Hobo's Last Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_for_the_Summer	Girls for the Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203223
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_ni_Saku_Hana_no_Yō_ni	No ni Saku Hana no Yō ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korogaru_Iwa,_Kimi_ni_Asa_ga_Furu	Korogaru Iwa, Kimi ni Asa ga Furu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q59595
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Baker_(screenwriter)	Herbert Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanz_der_Lemminge	Tanz der Lemminge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Ice	Lady Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Guarini	Alfredo Guarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Into_Darkness	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q171711
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhoom_Barabar_Jhoom	Jhoom Barabar Jhoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actor's_and_Sin	Actor's and Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naam_(1986_film)	Naam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_Paris_(1926_film)	So This Is Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_for_Lulu	News for Lulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Kill_(1996_film)	A Time to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(So_Tired_of_Standing_Still_We_Got_to)_Move_On	(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Day_Care	Daddy Day Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Chinese	Mandarin Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachein	Sachein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Mortimer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230308
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gathering_of_Eagles	A Gathering of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(film)	The Right Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q271281
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nas	Nas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Rendell	Ruth Rendell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Gomez-Rejon	Alfonso Gomez-Rejon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Cooked_His_Goose	He Cooked His Goose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rang_De_Basanti	Rang De Basanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolph_Lundgren	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181678
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Ready_(Bucks_Fizz_album)	Are You Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Walsh_(producer)	Bill Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ashley_(actor)	John Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraswati_Sabatham	Saraswati Sabatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Man	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q647546
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurtwood_Smith	Kurtwood Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_8_(film)	Super 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Outside_(Delirious%3F_song)	Inside Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Women	Let's Talk About Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munster,_Go_Home!	Munster, Go Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_(2011_film)	Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Thar_Hills	Them Thar Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricorn_One	Capricorn One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Alice	Still Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Loop_(film)	In the Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison's_Flowers	Harrison's Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaze_wa_Fuiteiru	Kaze wa Fuiteiru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Rathnavelu	R. Rathnavelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_9	Triple 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Adventure_(1932_German-language_film)	The Beautiful Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Scacchi	Greta Scacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_De_Luca	Michael De Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Night_in_Jericho_(film)	Rough Night in Jericho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Pope_(cinematographer)	Dick Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario	London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Unsworth	Geoffrey Unsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(1928_film)	Tempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Me/Smile_Again	Rescue Me/Smile Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tove_Jansson	Tove Jansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Sing_About_(1937_film)	Something to Sing About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Kiss_(1995_film)	French Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babelsberg_Studio	Babelsberg Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Mr._Lincoln	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q279284
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy	The Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aankhen_(2002_film)	Aankhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbling_Dice	Tumbling Dice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Hunter_(film)	Crocodile Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bates	Alan Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_or_White	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214113
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Brand	Russell Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_We_Now%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2855714
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_the_Sun	Kings of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marc_Barr	Jean-Marc Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romancing_Star_II	The Romancing Star II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Highness_and_the_Bellboy	Her Highness and the Bellboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Dimensional_Sniper	Detective Conan: Dimensional Sniper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honkytonk_University	Honkytonk University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soon_as_I_Get_Home	Soon as I Get Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_(film)	Kiss the Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_(film)	Sivaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Angels	Flight Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Tiomkin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q317033
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_of_Fire_(song)	Ball of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago	Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_Ifans	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q215017
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stradling,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1586813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapio_Hämäläinen	Tapio Hämäläinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Guy	The Lonely Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(2006_film)	Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guilty_Thing_Surprised	A Guilty Thing Surprised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Narcissus	Black Narcissus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Kamiński	Janusz Kamiński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Switzer	Carl Switzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Rising	Deep Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut	Robert Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alamo_(2004_film)	The Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_DJ	Kill the DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_Holiday	The Best Man Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raju_Chacha	Raju Chacha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowing_Wild	Blowing Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSO_Records	RSO Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Vega	Alexa Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saïd_Taghmaoui	Saïd Taghmaoui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baadasssss!	Baadasssss!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaspal_Bhatti	Jaspal Bhatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_(film)	The Odd Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_This_Party_(Everybody_Dance_Now)	Rock This Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Stain_(film)	The Human Stain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Kumaran_S/O_Mahalakshmi	M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Doctors	Dizzy Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(1931_film)	Possessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_for_the_Married_Man	A Guide for the Married Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Night—Color_Me_Black	I Am the Night\u2014Color Me Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enthiran	Enthiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry-Thomas	Terry-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_and_the_Gladiators	Demetrius and the Gladiators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Rosie_O'Grady	Sweet Rosie O'Grady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modesty_Blaise_(1966_film)	Modesty Blaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Memphis	West of Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Store_Rock	Candy Store Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggy_Bank_(song)	Piggy Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Countess_(film)	The Countess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frantic_(film)	Frantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q675937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_(Frank_Zappa_album)	Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanted_Wings	I Wanted Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vain_Glory_Opera	Vain Glory Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_a_Man_(Eurythmics_song)	I Need a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man	Dead Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Slate_(1994_film)	Clean Slate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_Married_Men_Go_Home%3F	Should Married Men Go Home?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Sergeants_(1958_film)	No Time for Sergeants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1936_film)	Romeo and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Story_(1951_film)	Detective Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Anderson	Anthony Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Belong_with_Me	You Belong with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerials_(song)	Aerials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_(album)	Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Stood_Up_for_Love	They Stood Up for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1936_film)	Camille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Wizard_Camera	Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Job_(film)	The Big Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_2	Song 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)	After Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles:_The_First_Ten_Years	The Singles: The First Ten Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwayne_Johnson	Dwayne Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Sky_Golden_Harvest	Orange Sky Golden Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Outfield_(1951_film)	Angels in the Outfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth	The Greatest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajavinte_Makan	Rajavinte Makan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Tellefsen	Christopher Tellefsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Soldiers_(2003_film)	Two Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843	Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_II_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Lullaby	Broken Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Dangerously	Johnny Dangerously
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Goes_On	The Saint Goes On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virasat_(1997_film)	Virasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_My_Love	Wake Up My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosina_Lawrence	Rosina Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Davis	Lew Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Lumley	Joanna Lumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Gollancz_Ltd	Victor Gollancz Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_to_the_People_(song)	Power to the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fireman_(1916_film)	The Fireman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_Robbers	The Train Robbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Once Upon a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Dead_and_Loving_It	Dracula: Dead and Loving It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street	Miracle on 34th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBMG_Records	RBMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_(Heroes)	Collision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Ends_Our_Night	So Ends Our Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothin'_Move_But_the_Money	Nothin' Move But the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Taylor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310300
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(2010_film)	Edge of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Meyer	Russ Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expendables_3	The Expendables 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Is_Beautiful	Fun Is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roba_da_ricchi	Roba da ricchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$100_Bill_Y'all	$100 Bill Y'all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palindromes_(film)	Palindromes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Allen_(actress)	Nancy Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J'adore_Hardcore	J'adore Hardcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_&_Obelix:_Mission_Cleopatra	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q737904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic/Sony_Records	Epic/Sony Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36301
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moaner	Moaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Invaders	Invisible Invaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1933	Gold Diggers of 1933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhu_(actor)	Madhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bol_Bachchan	Bol Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Mizuki	Nana Mizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Henry	Buck Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(novel)	Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Outside_Alone	Left Outside Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rodriguez	Robert Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hells_Bells_(song)	Hells Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppin'_(song)	Poppin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Snell_(composer)	David Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Morris	Chester Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backseat_(song)	Backseat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-Time_Girl	Good-Time Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijeta	Vijeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_Are_Doin'_It_for_Themselves	Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Kiss_Goodnight	The Long Kiss Goodnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Farrell	Charles Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_(TV_series)	Chuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Wilson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q161916
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(1915_film)	Temptation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA_(album)	ABBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spader	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296928
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzadik_Records	Tzadik Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadodi_(1966_film)	Nadodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield:_A_Tail_of_Two_Kitties	Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Name_Is_Alive	His Name Is Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bosley	Tom Bosley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._C._Gainey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q722038
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Musketeer	The Fifth Musketeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_a_Girl_(Part_One)	I Need a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_My_World_(Five_Star_song)	Rock My World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wim_Wenders	Wim Wenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economist_(Lost)	The Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_No_More	Faith No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellinzona	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q64044
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_Cordially_Invited...	You are Cordially Invited...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Christmas_(film)	White Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Generations	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q723679
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudon_Wainwright_III	Loudon Wainwright III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Do_Is_Win	All I Do Is Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Demarest	William Demarest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastacia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34584
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordfish_(film)	Swordfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Suschitzky	Peter Suschitzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1982_film)	Cat People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Game	Platinum Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Champ	Grand Champ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Knights	The Winter Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_as_It_Gets	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221594
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Out_Loud	Living Out Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California	Burbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Children_Placate_You_from_Premature_Graves	Your Children Placate You from Premature Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Times_(film)	The Best of Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altri_tempi	Altri tempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Gees	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133405
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoléon_(1955_film)	Napoléon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzy_Osbourne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133151
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Guess_You_Had_to_Be_There	I Guess You Had to Be There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namaste_(Lost)	Namaste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Night_I_Say_a_Prayer	Every Night I Say a Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Paris_Burning%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q909561
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champion_(1915_film)	The Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(Michael_Jackson_album)	Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paweł_Edelman	Paweł Edelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Time	Straight Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Monkey's_Uncle	I'm a Monkey's Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Landau	Martin Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Paanch_(film)	Hum Paanch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_for_Me	Move for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_2	Cheaper by the Dozen 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Has_Fallen	\u00c8 caduta una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II_of_France	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_I_Don't_Have_to_Love	Lover I Don't Have to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_the_Red_Star	Order of the Red Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Murphy_(writer)	Ryan Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry_Meet_Sherlock_Holmes	Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivalism_(song)	Survivalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_News	No News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_'Em_High_(The_Monstars'_Anthem)	Hit 'Em High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._A._C._Redford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3156775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shade_(film)	Shade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_to_Die	The Best Man to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Get_You	I'll Get You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_3D	Jackass 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Blame_It_on_Me	Sorry, Blame It on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_CSKA_Moscow	HC CSKA Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1950_film)	Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Solte_La_Rienda	Te Solte La Rienda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Louis_Kid	The St. Louis Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_(1989_film)	Splendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Female	Forever Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_(Mic_Geronimo_album)	The Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lox	D-Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baz_Luhrmann	Baz Luhrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Aztec_Warrior	The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder:_Back_&_Forth	Blackadder: Back & Forth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Herbert	Hugh Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver	Joel Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankaradi	Sankaradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_of_Chicken	Bump of Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktail_(2012_film)	Cocktail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Til_Schweiger	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q57391
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindy_Boggs	Lindy Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme!_Gimme!_Gimme!_(A_Man_After_Midnight)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1123081
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Price	Dennis Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featuring_the_Saint	Featuring the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.S._(song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q900731
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Bunch	The Wild Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Kimmel	Sidney Kimmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Grim	Fay Grim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mediterranean_Caper	The Mediterranean Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortacci	Mortacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Girl_(Pitbull_song)	Go Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Darling	Hello Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(1966_film)	Kaleidoscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Crazy_(1941_film)	Love Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Schmidt_(film_editor)	Arthur Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(1980_film)	The Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Ran_All_the_Way	He Ran All the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Office	Head Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Truth_Lies	Where the Truth Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_New_Jersey	Englewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sure_(Every_Little_Thing_song)	Sure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_N._Lee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1762306
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cagney	James Cagney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hanson	Curtis Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Piovarolo	Destination Piovarolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò_and_Carolina	Tot\u00f2 and Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Song_(film)	Torch Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_Your_Weapon	Raise Your Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pauper_(1977_film)	Crossed Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Earp	Newton Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Grainger	Edmund Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorama	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1987819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Games_(John_Lennon_album)	Mind Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gunn_(screenwriter)	James Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild_(film)	Idlewild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_Weapon_1	Loaded Weapon 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_with_Dragon	Dances with Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valkyrie_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q159054
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meddle_(song)	Meddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(The_Sopranos)	Made in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/È_arrivato_il_cavaliere!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3838055
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Tamblyn	Russ Tamblyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindra_Kyaw_Zin	Eaindra Kyaw Zin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_McKee	Sadie McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teemu_Selänne	Teemu Selänne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Eyes_(Arashi_song)	Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Kim	Lil' Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salman_Khan	Salman Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_Time	Mad Dog Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_4_U	Crazy 4 U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Wolf_(writer)	Fred Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banquet_(song)	Banquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1948_film)	Joan of Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Do_As_Infinity_song)	Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Dupont_(Sandie_Shaw_song)	Monsieur Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Carnahan	Joe Carnahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_to_Alaska	North to Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd:_Love_Escalation!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2816664
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thilakan	Thilakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortie_Like_Mine	Shortie Like Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Sake	Sakura Sake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Derek	Bo Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grindhouse_(film)	Grindhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Burnett	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1287768
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Never_Sets_(film)	The Sun Never Sets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barretts_of_Wimpole_Street_(1957_film)	The Barretts of Wimpole Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won't_Back_Down_(Eminem_song)	Won't Back Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_of_the_Seven_Seas	Sinbad of the Seven Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Sollum_Pillai	Per Sollum Pillai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Bader	Diedrich Bader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzio_(film)	Anzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niven_Busch	Niven Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Messages_(song)	Secret Messages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Berenger	Tom Berenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermo_posta_Tinto_Brass	Fermo posta Tinto Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_Like_Us_(film)	Thieves Like Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Songs	Our Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_and_Art	Children and Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Przygodda	Peter Przygodda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_(song)	Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Eyes_(Nana_Mizuki_song)	Wild Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presence_(album)	Presence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_Records	Philips Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_the_Universe_(song)	Edge of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_van_Buuren	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q62617
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Midnight_(film)	The Other Side of Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Sex_Comedy	Rio Sex Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfaithfuls	Le infedeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happens_Tomorrow	What Happens Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Rosa	Maria Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Trees	James Van Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Before_Dark_(film)	Home Before Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Romberg	Sigmund Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_French_Mistress	A French Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_You	Living with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Away,_Down_on_a_Georgia_Farm	Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Sewell	Blanche Sewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Bartholomew	Freddie Bartholomew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Camerini	Mario Camerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_Proud	Make Me Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_McHattie	Stephen McHattie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_(2011_film)	Rockstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cousin_Rachel_(film)	My Cousin Rachel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito	Danny DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Działdowo_County	Działdowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_DeLisle	Grey DeLisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_(Breaking_Benjamin_song)	Until the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_Men_or_Corporals%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3959984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reformer_and_the_Redhead	The Reformer and the Redhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Me_and_You	Between Me and You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Parker	Cecil Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devasuram	Devasuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Got_His_Gun_(film)	Johnny Got His Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teardrops_on_My_Guitar	Teardrops on My Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_and_Smoke_(film)	Summer and Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_from_Shanghai	The Lady from Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_Wore_Red	The Angel Wore Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-It-Yourself_Mr._Bean	Do-It-Yourself Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(film)	After Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vacanza	La vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Shepard	Sam Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Roman_Empire_(film)	The Fall of the Roman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toomorrow_(film)	Toomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Abrams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188137
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Micklin_Silver	Joan Micklin Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Our_Children's_Children's_Children	To Our Children's Children's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Affleck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270730
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOS_(ABBA_song)	SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_the_Head	A Hole in the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Your_Heart_(Europe_song)	Open Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Weatherwax	Paul Weatherwax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianco,_rosso_e_Verdone	Bianco, rosso e Verdone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Always_a_Woman	There's Always a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Could_Get_Killed	A Man Could Get Killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Italy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172579
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań	Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_to_Know	Dangerous to Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Sennett	Mack Sennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unconquered	Unconquered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambika_(actress)	Ambika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Burstyn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211144
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_and_Famous_(1981_film)	Rich and Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_O'Clock_(T-Pain_song)	5 O'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Strapped	Always Strapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Earth_(The_Feelies_album)	The Good Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockade_(1938_film)	Blockade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Cents	26 Cents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1977_film)	First Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangs_of_New_York	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q154581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Yuya	Atsuko Yuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brooks	Albert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/François_Truffaut	François Truffaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentle_on_My_Mind_(song)	Gentle on My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Will_Sonnett	The Guns of Will Sonnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Charteris	Leslie Charteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blonde_in_the_Blue_Movie	The Blonde in the Blue Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amistad_(film)	Amistad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjar_(film)	Pinjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Safety_of_Objects	The Safety of Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrish_(film)	Parrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado	Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Girls	Cannibal Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKB48	AKB48
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shot_an_Arrow_into_the_Air	I Shot an Arrow into the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_See_the_Booty	Let Me See the Booty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiiragi_(song)	Hiiragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyester_(film)	Polyester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Crown	The Iron Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blob_(1988_film)	The Blob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Cried	The Man Who Cried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_House_(Crosby,_Stills,_Nash_&_Young_song)	Our House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Get_It_for_You_Wholesale_(film)	I Can Get It for You Wholesale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_II:_Body_Hammer	Tetsuo II: Body Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner's_Base	Prisoner's Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabu_(actress)	Tabu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meikyū_Love_Song	Meikyū Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Spanky	General Spanky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_(1978_film)	Matilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Breed	The Restless Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Blake_(American_musician)	Norman Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Alley_(1922_film)	Peacock Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Marcks	Greg Marcks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Barrett_(cinematographer)	Michael Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Boyz	Biker Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses'_Collars	Horses' Collars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rita_(1942_film)	Rio Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Come_People_Go	People Come People Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muse_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	The Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_dramma_borghese	Un dramma borghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_(Breaking_Benjamin_song)	Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Conklin	Chester Conklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folly_to_Be_Wise	Folly to Be Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_(Breaking_Benjamin_song)	Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_America	Virgin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Suicides_(film)	The Virgin Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Regiment	Bride of the Regiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/François_Duvalier	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(1996_film)	Crash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_(film)	Pitch Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_(Little_Boots_song)	Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Card_Player	The Card Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_(song)	Banjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Vanishes_(1979_film)	The Lady Vanishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_and_Bridges	Walls and Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laila_Majnu_(1949_film)	Laila Majnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Good_Boy_Deserves_Favour_(album)	Every Good Boy Deserves Favour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_in_Love_(film)	When You're in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popeye_(1980_film)	Popeye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_of_State_(film)	Head of State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam_Margera	Bam Margera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico	Nico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_3:_Europe's_Most_Wanted	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_(film)	Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Records	DreamWorks Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Man_(1932_film)	The Miracle Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_McClure	Doug McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Patrick	Nigel Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strobe_(song)	Strobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir_Mokri	Amir Mokri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_&_TV	Coffee & TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Shamroy	Leon Shamroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%3F_(Lost)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q51269
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersten_Warren	Kiersten Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Joy_(film)	City of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joker_(2012_film)	Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumurun	Sumurun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Love_(1929_film)	Eternal Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samudhiram	Samudhiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chapman_Report	The Chapman Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Girls_and_a_Sailor	Two Girls and a Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Varsi	Diane Varsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(2011_film)	Thank You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Forte	Fabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore	Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shield_for_Murder	Shield for Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Athena	Escape to Athena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Hill	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q464241
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamhe	Lamhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_in_the_Air	Glitter in the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyamorous_(song)	Polyamorous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Collins,_Sons	William Collins, Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_That_Men_Do_(film)	The Evil That Men Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fichtner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Slipper	The Glass Slipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Comencini	Luigi Comencini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_It's_At	Where It's At
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspire_(song)	Inspire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kitano	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q26372
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska	Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritance_(1976_film)	The Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Budd_(film)	Billy Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Women	Wild Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador's_Daughter_(1956_film)	The Ambassador's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Closed_Shutters	Persiane chiuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Love_(George_Harrison_song)	This Is Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_My_Body	Touch My Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_(song)	Flaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_giustiziere_di_mezzogiorno	Il giustiziere di mezzogiorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Smith	Lane Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Gainsbourg	Serge Gainsbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kelly	Gene Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cowboys	Space Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Live_Again	We Live Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyaway_(novel)	Flyaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ustinov	Peter Ustinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Vaughn	Vince Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Langkow	Scott Langkow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick	Stanley Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jackman	Henry Jackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight,_Ladies_and_Gentlemen	Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Certainty_of_Man	The Certainty of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_God_Forgot	The Woman God Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_(film)	10 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Aebischer	David Aebischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Hatley	Marvin Hatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon:_The_Return	Cocoon: The Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dus_Kahaniyaan	Dus Kahaniyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indraprastham_(film)	Indraprastham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Girls_on_Broadway	Two Girls on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_(Luv'_song)	Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Every_Sunday	Chicken Every Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies,_A_Love_Story_(film)	Enemies, a Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Serkis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barkleys_of_Broadway	The Barkleys of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Frost	Mark Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Island_(1943_film)	Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minions_(film)	Minions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Skarsgård	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Brides_for_Seven_Brothers	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Stapleton	Tim Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey	Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Buddy	My Name Is Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulworth	Bulworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valar_Dohaeris	Valar Dohaeris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade_(Prince_album)	Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airheads	Airheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Ghost	Kamen Rider Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Tigers_Broke_Free	When the Tigers Broke Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(Faith_No_More_song)	Epic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._Bridge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1951409
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Get_Away_from_Me	You'll Never Get Away from Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majesty_Shredding	Majesty Shredding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131144
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Harkness	Deborah Harkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Figure_in_Hiding	A Figure in Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Berenbaum	Michael Berenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Russell	Chuck Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soter	Steven Soter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namida_ga_Tomaranai_Hōkago	Namida ga Tomaranai Hōkago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karunas	Karunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakini's_Juice	Lakinin's Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_on_the_Other_Side	Better on the Other Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_Squarepusher	Do You Know Squarepusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Everett	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208685
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Talking_Picture	A Talking Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antha_Ezhu_Naatkal	Antha Ezhu Naatkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doorway_to_Hell	The Doorway to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy_Gray	Macy Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_at_Camp_119	Christmas at Camp 119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoolander_2	Zoolander 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(TV_series)	Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_High	How High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carols_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_song)	Carols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore_East_–_June_1971	Fillmore East – June 1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Outlaws	American Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Sun	Here Comes the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Walbrook	Anton Walbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Paradise	Club Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuruvi	Kuruvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Tomlin	Lily Tomlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_for_Scandal	Design for Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Laurentiis_Entertainment_Group	De Laurentiis Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Three_Wives	A Letter to Three Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shelter_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphomaniac_(film)	Nymphomaniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_of_Aragon	Dulce of Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plunkett_&_Macleane	Plunkett & Macleane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Quaid	Randy Quaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Pickler_(album)	Kellie Pickler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Breakers_Roar	Where the Breakers Roar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Empty_(2003_film)	The Big Empty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1940	Broadway Melody of 1940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._deMille	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q454464
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboy_Way_(film)	The Cowboy Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_Zero_(film)	Less Than Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Fifteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(Lost)	Exodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_Memphis	Letter to Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Maccari	Ruggero Maccari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Marks	Owen Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_in_Another_Town	Two Weeks in Another Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Boxed_Set	Led Zeppelin Boxed Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Show_of_Force	A Show of Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Shift_(film)	Night Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_and_Order_(1932_film)	Law and Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Linea_(film)	La Linea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Zhukov_(ice_hockey)	Mikhail Zhukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_University	Florida State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Way_(1943_film)	The Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qayamat	Qayamat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Stroheim	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q78508
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Owen	Alison Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubular_Bells_III	Tubular Bells III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianco,_rosso_e...	Bianco, rosso e...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeney_Todd:_The_Demon_Barber_of_Fleet_Street_(2007_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212041
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knocked_Up	Knocked Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Strömberg	Mika Strömberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Sentai_Go-onger	Engine Sentai Go-onger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Steward	Ernest Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_Ichiban_Ii_Onna	Smile Ichiban Ii Onna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Judgment Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Heart	Hungry Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho_(film)	American Psycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_You_(Avicii_song)	Addicted to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Bartlet	Josiah Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabez_Olssen	Jabez Olssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas-s-s-s	Gas-s-s-s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv_Parade—Color_of_Life	Luv Parade\/Color of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_(1994_film)	The Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Callow	Simon Callow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidoo_(film)	Skidoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Gaudio	Tony Gaudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Express_(film)	Midnight Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Fall_First	Angels Fall First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Be_Alone	You'll Never Be Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnation_Alley_(film)	Damnation Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_(film)	Elegy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_music	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83440
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Months	Nine Months
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_(Shontelle_song)	Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(TV_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83401
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakht	Rakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Cochran	Eddie Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Drake	Tom Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Thaxter	Phyllis Thaxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.I._Artificial_Intelligence	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221113
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Lovin'_U_Long_Time	I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon	High Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Knight	Wayne Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitch-Hiker_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Hitch-Hiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slapstick_of_Another_Kind	Slapstick of Another Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djimon_Hounsou	Djimon Hounsou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distractions_(Heroes)	Distractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Medal_for_Benny	A Medal for Benny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasool_Raja_MBBS	Vasool Raja MBBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(Melon_Kinenbi_song)	Unforgettable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_70	Casanova 70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(1987_film)	Il giorno prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus_(2012_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting_II	The Sting II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still	The Day the Earth Stood Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo's_Fire_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1406821
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_2	Basic Instinct 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Buchanan	Larry Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Ziegler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2579107
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Given_Sunday	Any Given Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Garden	The Unholy Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Game_(ABBA_song)	The Name of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharathi_(2008_film)	Maharathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasi_Lemmons	Kasi Lemmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan	Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Stanwyck	Barbara Stanwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Sweet_(film)	Life Is Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condemned_of_Altona_(film)	The Condemned of Altona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Hot_Rocks_(Big_Hits_&_Fazed_Cookies)	More Hot Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai_Freesia	Akai Freesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboozled	Bamboozled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl's_Girl	Pearl's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_Sheet_(1952_film)	Scandal Sheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebrew_language	Hebrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Time	The Next Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Back_to_Oz	Journey Back to Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Goldsmith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q235077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Needham	Hal Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Mars	Kenneth Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_of_Mental_Anguish	Chain Reaction of Mental Anguish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_All_the_Way	Going All the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_My_Heart	Fire in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertine_(song)	Libertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mom	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1373570
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDon	IDon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Charlie	Goodbye Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Up_(1965_film)	Break Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Dawn	Rescue Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(Duran_Duran_album)	Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeky_Records	Cheeky Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HarperCollins	HarperCollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Gatti	Marcello Gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_State_of_Trance_2010	A State of Trance 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Douglas_(actor)	Paul Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Mukhachyov	Andrei Mukhachev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Bop	She Bop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_(song)	Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunau,_Switzerland	Braunau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreyas_Talpade	Shreyas Talpade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill	King of the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otello_Martelli	Otello Martelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_(1979_film)	Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mood_for_Love	In the Mood for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._S._Ravikumar	K. S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_Shoes	Soft Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_(film)	Stuart Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeping_Place	The Keeping Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Upon_a_Time_(1953_film)	Twice Upon a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Night_in_1943	Long Night in 1943
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182153
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Cussler	Clive Cussler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xzibit	Xzibit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Ever_(Ciara_song)	Never Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_X	LA X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomas_Milian	Tomás Milián
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Zambrini	Bruno Zambrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._P._A._C._Lalitha	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6323697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Players	Prince of Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University	Cornell University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Stockade	Behind the Stockade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34404
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Heart	Music of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Laurel	Stan Laurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Baker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192021
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounders_(film)	Rounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bass	Ed Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Like_the_Wolf	Hungry Like the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sure_Thing	The Sure Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'03_Bonnie_&_Clyde	'03 Bonnie & Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antz	Antz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisa_Lepselter	Alisa Lepselter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainilaiarivony	Rainilaiarivony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(1993_film)	Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sonja_(film)	Red Sonja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Coppola	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193628
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rain_(film)	Hard Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(2004_film)	Vanity Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyclef_Jean	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202663
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Eating_Gilbert_Grape	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q660894
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie:_Fully_Loaded	Herbie: Fully Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrion_Lannister	Tyrion Lannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Love_Has_Gone_(film)	Where Love Has Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust,_Caution	Lust, Caution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Night_Shyamalan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q51489
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_This_Place_(1957_TV_show)	Beyond This Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_of_Faith_(film)	Leap of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Wore_Tights	Mother Wore Tights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabikkatha	Arabikkatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladykillers	The Ladykillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions	Cruel Intentions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Moore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q80405
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Jayaraj	Harris Jayaraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Master	Pop Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyon_Ki	Kyon Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucky_Larson:_Born_to_Be_a_Star	Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabhu_(actor)	Prabhu Ganesan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poove_Unakkaga	Poove Unakkaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go_Again_(Demi_Lovato_album)	Here We Go Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_Red	Three Colors: Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Dakshin	Uttar Dakshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupify	Stupify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rink_(film)	The Rink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Young	Sean Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokeback_Mountain	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160618
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andaz_Apna_Apna	Andaz Apna Apna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Saltzman	Harry Saltzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stretch_(2014_film)	Stretch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printer's_Devil	Printer's Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newborn_Friend	Newborn Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell_and_the_Great_Fairy_Rescue	Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Tape_(film)	Sex Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggernaut_(1974_film)	Juggernaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plainsman	The Plainsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavyweights	Heavyweights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gangster_(album)	American Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Street_(1950_film)	Side Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deva_(composer)	Deva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_Village_(film)	Greenwich Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interzone_(album)	Interzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_(Angel_episode)	Darla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Lester	Louise Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelorette_(film)	Bachelorette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_O'Connell	Jerry O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glen_(director)	John Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Ruth	Citizen Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1925_film)	The Merry Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_My_Scotch	Pardon My Scotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonstruck	Moonstruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Concrete_Blonde_album)	Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmondo_Amati	Edmondo Amati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_and_Wives	Husbands and Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp	Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Blue_(Madonna_song)	True Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_B.I.G.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q179157
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Trouble_(song)	Some Kind of Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakaar	Shakaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalimar_(1978_film)	Shalimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Jack_the_Pirate	Mad Jack the Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Those_Nights_Tonight	One of Those Nights Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Hex_(film)	Jonah Hex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Let_You_Know_When_I_Get_There	I'll Let You Know When I Get There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_and_America	Once Upon a Time in China and America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_in_My_Eyes	World in My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.S_(Jonas_Brothers_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1253954
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oliver_(comedian)	John Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Raj_Films	Yash Raj Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103646
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Rain	Caught in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKA_Saint_Petersburg	SKA Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_James_Dio	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185151
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Out_Your_Handkerchiefs	Get Out Your Handkerchiefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Badge_of_Courage_(film)	The Red Badge of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Nice_Back_Home	Something Nice Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Heaven's_Sake_(1950_film)	For Heaven's Sake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Prince_(film)	The Student Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Rangers_(1936_film)	The Texas Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B'z	B'z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Talk_2_U	I Wanna Talk 2 U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parvarish_(1977_film)	Parvarish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sins_of_Rachel_Cade	The Sins of Rachel Cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Helsing_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Ship_Sails_On	And the Ship Sails On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Mercury	Freddie Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Devgan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q146929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovely_Bones_(film)	The Lovely Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathy_for_the_Devil_(film)	Sympathy for the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartender_(T-Pain_song)	Bartender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocknRolla	RocknRolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_of_Love	Drums of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyam_Goel	Shyam Goel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vault_of_Horror_(film)	The Vault of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Closet	Trapped in the Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundar_C.	Sundar C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_University	Boston University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Mayo	Virginia Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_J._Kent	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1669793
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1993_film)	The Three Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night_in_Varennes	That Night in Varennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasutaka_Nakata	Yasutaka Nakata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Flight_(1933_film)	Night Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(2005_film)	Nine Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Duning	George Duning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_Trotti	Lamar Trotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Searchers_(film)	The Searchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimini_Rimini	Rimini Rimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Hot	So Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Pilot_(song)	Sky Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_De_Sica	Vittorio De Sica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infectious_Records	Infectious Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_II	The Odd Couple II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Marginal	Le Marginal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winternight_Tragedies	Winternight Tragedies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Faith	Keeping the Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spendthrift_(film)	Spendthrift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Kapoor	Anil Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_(film)	Motorpsycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Winterfell	The Prince of Winterfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(1914_film)	The Rounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abduction_(2011_film)	Abduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Durand	Kevin Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_(song)	Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyōryū_Sentai_Zyuranger	Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Maple_Leafs	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203384
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Pozzetto	Renato Pozzetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Aylmer	Felix Aylmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_Red_Butte	The Lady of Red Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenore_Incrocci	Agenore Incrocci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boring_(The_Young_Ones)	Boring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clairvoyant	The Clairvoyant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Lansbury	Angela Lansbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Shanti_Om	Om Shanti Om
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_botta_di_vita	Una botta di vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Extinction	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156069
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athidhi_(film)	Athidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fiedler	John Fiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bridges	James Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto,_Peppino,_and_the_Hussy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1058087
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dog_(song)	Black Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_(actor)	Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_M._Wurtzel	Sol M. Wurtzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Mirror_(film)	The Dark Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Prime_Minister	Mr Prime Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Foolish_Heart_(film)	My Foolish Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Jack	Casino Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingyo	Kingyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Olmi	Ermanno Olmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_VI_of_Norway	Magnus VI of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi	Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shor_(film)	Shor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigappu_Rojakkal	Sigappu Rojakkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Bagley	Desmond Bagley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Boy_(film)	Golden Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Flight_Rock	Twenty Flight Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Night_(film)	Opening Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Pangborn	Franklin Pangborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cameraman	The Cameraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain	Little Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hallelujah_Trail	The Hallelujah Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(Eminem_song)	Encore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_de_Luxe	Service de Luxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayham	Mayham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_t'aime_mélancolie	Je t'aime mélancolie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Butterfly_(1932_film)	Madame Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmosis_Jones	Osmosis Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_This_Club_Part_II	Love in This Club Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Weapon	Holy Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whistleblower	The Whistleblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA:_The_Album	ABBA: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_with_Myself	In Love with Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homerun_(film)	Homerun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripsearch_(song)	Stripsearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_(film)	Machete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_language	Dutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_at_Elderbush_Gulch	The Battle at Elderbush Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_50_Ft._Woman_(1993_film)	Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Mehta	Anil Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Tent	Kevin Tent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Maiden_(film)	Death and the Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandhayam	Pandhayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoagy_Carmichael	Hoagy Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(1993_film)	Made in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Colour_You_Like	Any Colour You Like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Man_on_the_Mountain	Third Man on the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib	Adam's Rib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant-Man_(film)	Ant-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Wedding	Royal Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_Fiil	Marius Fiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Fishburne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193048
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Blood	The Last Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rap	Death Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50/50_(2011_film)	50/50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Please_Me_(song)	Please Please Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Saturday	Violent Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun's_Story_(film)	The Nun's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tension_at_Table_Rock	Tension at Table Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii_(1959_film)	The Last Days of Pompeii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who_at_Kilburn:_1977	The Who at Kilburn: 1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Tale_(film)	Tall Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_of_Alcatraz_(film)	Birdman of Alcatraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_That_Feeds	The Hand That Feeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_You_Now_(Lady_Antebellum_song)	Need You Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallavi_Anu_Pallavi	Pallavi Anu Pallavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlebum	Beetlebum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Mistwraith	Curse of the Mistwraith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Tetzlaff	Ted Tetzlaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Air_(novel)	Thin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Stander	Lionel Stander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Darabont	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295445
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Krikunov	Ilya Krikunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Aronson	Letty Aronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_a_Forest_Fire	Trapped in a Forest Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bohemian_Girl_(1936_film)	The Bohemian Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_House_(1989_film)	Road House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rihanna	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romancing_the_Stone	Romancing the Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Ground_and_Pound	Operation Ground and Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1949_film)	Little Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viju_Shah	Viju Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Story_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q498822
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Balls_(film)	Golden Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Robert_Miles_album)	Dreamland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Away	Don't Go Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRC_Records	SRC Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark,_Strangeness_and_Charm	Quark, Strangeness and Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiki_(musician)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311193
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom_of_Great_Britain_and_Ireland	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174193
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(1997_film)	The Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolero_(1984_film)	Bolero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_from_a_Rose	Kiss from a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_3	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q635937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC	NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eragon_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q239296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Fleet	Follow the Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_Love	The Shadow of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saban_Capital_Group	Saban Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_of_the_Clouds	Captains of the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor	The Nutty Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_&_Joon	Benny & Joon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Griffin	Peter Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosolino_Paternò,_soldato...	Rosolino Paternò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Lives_of_Mattia_Pascal	The Two Lives of Mattia Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_What_You_Did_Last_Summer	Rhino What You Did Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_People	Funny People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet_in_Moominland	Comet in Moominland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeo_I_of_Spain	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q32432
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(film)	The Killing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastassja_Kinski	Nastassja Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khel_(1992_film)	Khel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Clause	Escape Clause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_in_Anger	Don't Look Back in Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Christmas_Vacation	National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Bartkowiak	Andrzej Bartkowiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Seyfried	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189226
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots_(1971_film)	Mary, Queen of Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varavelpu	Varavelpu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lincoln_Lawyer_(film)	The Lincoln Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_and_His_Friends	Fox and His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanborn	Oceanborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iceman_Cometh_(1973_film)	The Iceman Cometh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_González_Iñárritu	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q55215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Searchlight_Pictures	Fox Searchlight Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informers_(1963_film)	The Informers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_the_One_(Five_Star_song)	Let Me Be the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Lee_Browne	Roscoe Lee Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(1998_film)	Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_from_the_Others	Different from the Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Madam_(film)	Call Me Madam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(film)	Aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_New_Year_(song)	Happy New Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrothed_(1941_film)	The Betrothed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Binoche	Juliette Binoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_My_Mind_(The_Oak_Ridge_Boys_song)	Change My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abacab	Abacab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Parents_(film_series)	Meet the Parents trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Ms._Hyde	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1253937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Potter	Sally Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Firth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q162492
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Q.	John Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispering_Statue	The Whispering Statue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!_'75	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1065671
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier	Laurence Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_of_the_Night_(song)	Creatures of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Adinarayana_Rao	P. Adinarayana Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Thought_of_You_(film)	The Very Thought of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antitrust_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1077315
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Beauty	Fatal Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virna_Lisi	Virna Lisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_Is_the_Law	The Law Is the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Beyond_the_Stars	Battle Beyond the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Kumar	Ashok Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guendalina	Guendalina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_with_Me_(Hey!_Say!_JUMP_song)	Ride with Me (Hey! Say!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_of_Lassie	Courage of Lassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outfit_(1973_film)	The Outfit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnomeo_&_Juliet	Gnomeo & Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apna_Sapna_Money_Money	Apna Sapna Money Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Screeching_Owl	The Clue of the Screeching Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi	New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(1960_film)	The Lost World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humbling_(film)	The Humbling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lang	Walter Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dementia_13	Dementia 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_(film)	Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Brady	Scott Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_brothers	Polish brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sleep	The Black Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Circles	Ghost Circles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._G._Soman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6712604
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Dragons	Twin Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slash_Records	Slash Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1973_film)	The Three Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hirschfelder	David Hirschfelder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Namidairo	Love Namidairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Earth_(film)	The Good Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Town_(film)	Boom Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_Alright_(film)	The Kids Are Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyxena_of_Hesse-Rotenburg	Polyxena of Hesse-Rheinfels-Rotenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island	Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PK_(film)	PK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar_Republic	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41304
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masked_and_Anonymous	Masked and Anonymous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyfall_(song)	Skyfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Byrne	David Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Riggi	John Riggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Nossiter	Jonathan Nossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carradine	John Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humayun_Ahmed	Humayun Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_in_Love	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182944
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-19:_The_Widowmaker	K-19: The Widowmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_(film)	Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatfoot_in_Africa	Flatfoot in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Unlimited	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q222900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McRae	Frank McRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_to_Woman_(1923_film)	Woman to Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tour_(film)	Magical Mystery Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Hartley	Hal Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Bride	June Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Tighe	Kevin Tighe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lennix	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q608709
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_X_with_Russell_Brand	Brand X with Russell Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Mankind_(film)	The Story of Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_(film)	Red Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Good_Old_Summertime	In the Good Old Summertime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain_and_the_Lost_City_of_Gold	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki	Helsinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandleader	bandleader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Mia!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Insurrection	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q673198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Truths_and_Cycles	Universal Truths and Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janbaaz	Janbaaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Woman	Cobra Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clancy_Brown	Clancy Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capote_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q463615
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_President	The Phantom President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta	Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shōganai_Yume_Oibito	Shōganai Yume Oibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_(singer)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_to_Death	I Love You to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv'_(Dutch_band)	Luv'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_Creatures	The Eye Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete's_Dragon_(2016_film)	Pete's Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margin_for_Error	Margin for Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mended_Lute	The Mended Lute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Blakely	Susan Blakely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Soldiers	We Were Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maledetto_il_giorno_che_t'ho_incontrato	Maledetto il giorno che t'ho incontrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_(1959_film)	The Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Desire	Crazy Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Run_(1979_film)	Love on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Beauty	Stealing Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Missed_Fortune	A Missed Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Weaver_(album)	Shadow Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Ross	Rick Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._3..._Life_and_Times_of_S._Carter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2455259
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Space_Jitters	Outer Space Jitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulal_Dutta	Dulal Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Côté	Sylvain Côté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Friend_Is_a_Treasure	A Friend Is a Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florestano_Vancini	Florestano Vancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Spying	Carry On Spying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Caesar_(film)	Little Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Life_(Prince_song)	Pop Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_City	Cry of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Hanna	Chad Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(1999_drama_film)	Black and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Grass_String_Ranch	Songs from the Grass String Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hawk_(1924_film)	The Sea Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity_Clue	The Infinity Clue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Meri	Arnold Meri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days/Green	Days\/Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Smith	Nevada Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Time_in_New_York_City	Some Time in New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Singer	Alexander Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitor_Pereira	Heitor Pereira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Scheider	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(2011_film)	Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_All_Nite	Rock and Roll All Nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Rudolph	Maya Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romántico_(José_José_album)	Romántico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erykah_Badu	Erykah Badu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_(2012_film)	Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit_(film_series)	The Hobbit trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cortez	Stanley Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Six	The Deep Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timegates	Timegates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Donovan	Tate Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_York	Michael York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karishma_Kudrat_Kaa	Karishma Kudrat Kaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside-Looking_Out	Inside-Looking Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Carol:_The_Movie	Christmas Carol: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Days	Radio Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Desert_(film)	Red Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Shoot_Horses,_Don't_They%3F_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1140171
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Bates	Tyler Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Goldenthal	Elliot Goldenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Low	Warren Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entlebuch	Entlebuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Jing	Wong Jing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Kings	Street Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabiscuit_(film)	Seabiscuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Kelley	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q504720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Life_(Weezer_song)	The Good Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchin'_a_Ride_(Green_Day_song)	Hitchin' a Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Young	Victor Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/400_Degreez	400 Degreez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(1997_film)	Nightwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_(film)	Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(2005_film)	Oliver Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rochelle,_New_York	New Rochelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceiver_(film)	Deceiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepers_(film)	Sleepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guilt_Trip_(film)	The Guilt Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NPG_Records	NPG Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Smith_(cinematographer)	Leonard Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Rodriguez	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective	Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1937_film)	A Star Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Brennan	Eileen Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_at_Devil's_Paw	The Mystery at Devil's Paw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_(EP)	Broken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_by_the_River_(Neil_Young_song)	Down by the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Interactive_Studios	Disney Interactive Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshi_Inaba	Koshi Inaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Emily_Play	See Emily Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_Any_Harder	Can't Get Any Harder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Loved_Me_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q320423
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Six	The Secret Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage_(1936_film)	Sabotage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Ghetto_(Busta_Rhymes_song)	In the Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Mounted_Police_(film)	North West Mounted Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_III	Mission: Impossible III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamus_McGarvey	Seamus McGarvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Nights_(1942_film)	Arabian Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despicable_Me_2	Despicable Me 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania	University of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Schwarzenegger	Arnold Schwarzenegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Bosworth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q236822
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinna_(2005_film)	Chinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hall_(actor)	Charlie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_von_Meter	Harry von Meter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict	The Verdict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pran_(actor)	Pran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Lethal_Weapon	Chuck Versus the Lethal Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Barefoot	Magnus Barefoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(cartoonist)	Jim Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan	Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_King_Cole	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q137042
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hunt	The Last Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolson_Story	The Jolson Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gleason	James Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filipp_Metlyuk	Filipp Metlyuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Card_Stud	5 Card Stud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Best_Exotic_Marigold_Hotel	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday,_Someplace	Someday,Someplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(Common_song)	I Want You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Turned_Yellow	The Boy Who Turned Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rubell	Paul Rubell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paresh_Rawal	Paresh Rawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandranudikkunna_Dikhil	Chandranudikkunna Dikhil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Won't_You_Give_Me_Your_Love%3F	Why Won't You Give Me Your Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Frontiere	Dominic Frontiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powiat	county of Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Conquered_the_World	It Conquered the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Majestic_(film)	The Majestic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhaag_(1979_film)	Suhaag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Me_Away_(Get_MuNNY)	Turn Me Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Gate_(film)	Heaven's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Muthassi_Katha	Oru Muthassi Katha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aasaiyil_Oru_Kaditham	Aasaiyil Oru Kaditham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43203
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Willie_Comes_Marching_Home	When Willie Comes Marching Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Brothers_(miniseries)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208048
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Caprioli	Vittorio Caprioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_(film)	Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Goldfoot_and_the_Bikini_Machine	Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Paid	I'm So Paid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Now_John	Not Now John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddique-Lal	Siddique-Lal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian_(film)	The Egyptian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammo_Hung	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_It	Beat It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Heart_Records	Burning Heart Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Career_of_a_Chambermaid	The Career of a Chambermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Husbands_(2010_film)	Happy Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Spheeris	Penelope Spheeris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooching_Through_Georgia	Mooching Through Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Castellucci	Teddy Castellucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regrets_(song)	Regrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Barker	Reginald Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Cotillard	Marion Cotillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvannamalai_(film)	Thiruvannamalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baat_Ban_Jaye	Baat Ban Jaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Came_Running_(film)	Some Came Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Colored_Girls	For Colored Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Simmons	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207197
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhloone_Mindstate	Buhloone Mindstate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Place_Beyond_the_Pines	The Place Beyond the Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa_(film)	Tulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burns	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q314485
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Illness	Il male oscuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americano_(1916_film)	The Americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_the_Few	One of the Few
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_or_Ballots	Bullets or Ballots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mio_in_the_Land_of_Faraway	Mio in the Land of Faraway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_(film_series)	Infernal Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Minutes	Three Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figures_of_the_Night	Figures of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Don't_Let_Me_Go	Love Don't Let Me Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Spartak_Moscow	HC Spartak Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flamingo_Kid	The Flamingo Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Wits_Holiday	Half-Wits Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azaad_Desh_Ke_Gulam	Azaad Desh Ke Gulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikiki_Wedding	Waikiki Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVM_Productions	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3523697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson_Carter	Anson Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Vulpiani	Mario Vulpiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.O.N.Y.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4354771
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvenile_(rapper)	Juvenile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg	Irving Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith	Hammersmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmon_Jones	Harmon Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ideal_Height	The Ideal Height
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_(film)	The Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gérard_Brach	Gérard Brach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks	Howard Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Harbor_Mystery	The Hidden Harbor Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_(film_series)	Scary Movie pentalogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_of_Salem	Maid of Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karobaar:_The_Business_of_Love	Karobaar: The Business of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_(rapper)	Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will.i.am	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185610
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rake's_Progress_(film)	The Rake's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Magical_Christmas:_Snowed_in_at_the_House_of_Mouse	Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at the House of Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Vlasenkov	Dmitri Vlasenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Van_Peebles	Mario Van Peebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_the_Hero_(film)	Too Late the Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Film_Corporation	Triangle Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Party_(film)	The Wedding Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Lord	Del Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandni	Chandni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilac_Time_(1928_film)	Lilac Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thakshak	Thakshak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cute_(Japanese_idol_group)	Cute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Wake_Me_Up	Come Wake Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_(film)	The Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_(1996_film)	The Funerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramji_Rao_Speaking	Ramji Rao Speaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_IV_of_Denmark	Eric IV of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Vampire	Shadow of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_ladrone	Il ladrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hawtrey_(actor_born_1914)	Charles Hawtrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielsko-Biała	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106583
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birdcage	The Birdcage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_(album)	Wishmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Away_(Lorrie_Morgan_song)	Go Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Finlayson_(actor)	Jimmy Finlayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out	Odd Man Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Gamblers	God of Gamblers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_(Britney_Spears_song)	Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Aapke_Dil_Mein_Rehte_Hain	Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_vedovo	Il vedovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_St._Louis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1066873
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_See_You_Bellydance	I Wanna See You Bellydance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Hardly_Wait	I Can Hardly Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Pink_Panther	Curse of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Waters_(director)	Mark Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_a_Night's_Work_(film)	All in a Night's Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Wallace	Randall Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Records	Jet Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1996_film)	The Crucible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_III_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarhead_(film)	Jarhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_(film)	Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Super_Stars'_Bugs_Bunny:_Wascally_Wabbit	Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Wascally Wabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(2010_TV_series)	Come Fly with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Patrol_(1938_film)	The Dawn Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers	Red Hot Chili Peppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_Russell	Bing Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tango_Lesson	The Tango Lesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La_Land_(Demi_Lovato_song)	La La Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Frank	Otto Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala_Bharatam	Bala Bharatam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Hearts_(2006_film)	Lonely Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedi_(2006_film)	Kedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurdas_Maan	Gurdas Maan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside_(film)	Sunnyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sheep_(1968_film)	The Black Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acqua_e_sapone	Acqua e sapone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Sixth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Sixth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twisted_Claw	The Twisted Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_Bus_with_Bret_Michaels	Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires	Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dean_Stanton	Harry Dean Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Androcles_and_the_Lion_(film)	Androcles and the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ky-Mani_Marley	Ky-Mani Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naduvazhikal	Naduvazhikal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladaai	Ladaai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_from_the_Hill_(film)	Home from the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clean_Room	The Clean Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Face_Nelson_(film)	Baby Face Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._North	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3327171
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Bolton	James W. Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Pat_O'Malley	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1983282
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Saprykin	Oleg Saprykin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Death_(song)	Sudden Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trick_of_Light	A Trick of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokki_Doki!_Love_Mail	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3033830
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This,_and_Heaven_Too	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1602612
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Eden	Barbara Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soderbergh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Shandling	Garry Shandling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_2	Grown Ups 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Getting_Married	Rachel Getting Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company	The Walt Disney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Grams	21 Grams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Negotiator	The Negotiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Bohr	Niels Bohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott	Ridley Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess_(TV_series)	Recess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Greenwood	Bruce Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_(film)	Pinky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(film)	Last Man Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erico_Menczer	Erico Menczer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(1946_film)	Night and Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noomi_Rapace	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228676
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(1972_film)	Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Apache_(film)	Fort Apache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Day_Music	All Day Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_That_Preys	The Family That Preys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gibson_Goddess	The Gibson Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC/DC	AC/DC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_2:_Monsters_Unleashed	Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_the_Silence	Enjoy the Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_by_Suspicion	Guilty by Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop_Misbehaves_(film)	The Bishop Misbehaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_(John_Lennon_album)	Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Winick	Gary Winick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_M._Osborne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q808917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Can't_We_Be_Friends%3F_(song)	Why Can't We Be Friends?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Blystone	Stanley Blystone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrying_Man	The Marrying Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Van_Dyke	Dick Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Charlie	The Truth About Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Roberts_(writer)	Ben Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Avventura	L'Avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_McGowan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211040
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikujiro	Kikujiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dunham	Ann Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(1947_film)	Possessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubal_(film)	Jubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Şevket_Sabancı	\u015eevket Sabanc\u0131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dookie	Dookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi_(The_Young_Ones)	Bambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_James	Clifton James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Cord_(film)	The Silver Cord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Baldwin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dirty_Shame	A Dirty Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_W._Miller	Ron W. Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_of_the_Avenger	Mask of the Avenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiệu_Trị	Thiệu Trị
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Snap_(Heroes)	Cold Snap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131285
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster_Squad	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q27751
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_the_Great_(1956_film)	Alexander the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Nurse_(1931_film)	Night Nurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)	Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Express_(album)	Nova Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Ng	Sandra Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dreams_(film)	In Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Deadly_Sins_(1962_film)	The Seven Deadly Sins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ides_of_March_(film)	The Ides of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brother_from_Another_Planet	The Brother from Another Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cigarettes_&_Alcohol	Cigarettes & Alcohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_&_Scarpelli	Age & Scarpelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meena_(actress)	Meena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Ephron	Phoebe Ephron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorts:_The_Adventures_of_the_Wishing_Rock	Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odongo	Odongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Chabat	Alain Chabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Hijack	North Sea Hijack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caine_Mutiny_(film)	The Caine Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ng_Man-tat	Ng Man-tat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(1926_film)	The General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_North	The Frozen North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maujaan_Dubai_Diyaan	Maujaan Dubai Diyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Boland	Mary Boland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Bouquet	Carole Bouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_(rapper)	Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Schünzel	Reinhold Schünzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewen_Bremner	Ewen Bremner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munna_Bhai_M.B.B.S.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q262778
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_E._Morse	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q273753
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Meow	The Cat's Meow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teacher_from_Vigevano	Il maestro di Vigevano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy:_Blood_and_Iron	Hellboy: Blood and Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1946_film)	Of Human Bondage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garibon_Ka_Daata	Garibon Ka Daata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma	Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Lada_Togliatti	HC Lada Togliatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Piccioni	Piero Piccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Earth_Is_Mine_(1959_film)	This Earth Is Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Now_(Na_Na_Na)	Right Now (Na Na Na)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pasternak	Joe Pasternak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Rilla	Walter Rilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Rajendar	T. Rajendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Black	Stanley Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Robards	Jason Robards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Wanger	Walter Wanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrna_Loy	Myrna Loy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacific_(miniseries)	The Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_Who_Came_to_Dinner	The Thief Who Came to Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_marche_seul	Je marche seul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Dead_(novel)	The King Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papà_diventa_mamma	Pap\u00e0 diventa mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Pierce	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2801455
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Markle	Fletcher Markle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sappy_People	Three Sappy People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point_Widow	West Point Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois	Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_(2004_film)	Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Kuras	Ellen Kuras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Walking_(film)	Dead Man Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_to_Hear_You_Say_That_You_Love_Me	Just to Hear You Say That You Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_McFarland	George McFarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_New_Mexico	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q38555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_My_Mirror	Stranger in My Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cho	John Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Nordiques	Quebec Nordiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Best_(film)	Second Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mangold	James Mangold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth,_Texas	Fort Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Crashers	Wedding Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_at_Eight_(film)	Dinner at Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4AD	4AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Emmannuelle	Carry On Emmannuelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_II	Superman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Frankenstein	Young Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oedipus_Rex_(film)	Edipo Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Blakely	Colin Blakely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_Gruffudd	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1944_film)	Henry V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_(Natasha_Bedingfield_song)	Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Jam	Pearl Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_(film)	The Martian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q359311
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Got_Us_Fallin'_in_Love	DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Veber	Francis Veber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Wait_(Akon_song)	I Can't Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.I.S.T.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q967050
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongo_Fury	Bongo Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hecht	Ben Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Canteen_(film)	Hollywood Canteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hire	The Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaani_Dushman	Jaani Dushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(1996_film)	Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broderick_Crawford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182349
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Just_Lie_There,_Say_Something!	Don't Just Lie There, Say Something!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Jones	Chuck Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciarán_Hinds	Ciarán Hinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_a_Girl_(Part_Two)	I Need a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonica	harmonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mio_amico_Benito	Il mio amico Benito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Morning_(song)	Monday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Moskalenko	Kirill Moskalenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence	Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_(film)	Washington Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_of_the_Storm	Fury of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valzeina	Valzeina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Showcase:_Jonah_Hex	DC Showcase: Jonah Hex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_of_the_Dark	Coming Out of the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Us_(Lost)	One of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam	Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi..._Mil_Gaya	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1094839
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Even_(1909_film)	Getting Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Shot	Little Big Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thundorf,_Switzerland	Thundorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Chinese	Standard Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Amini	Hossein Amini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Waves	Breaking the Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur	Tupac Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Love_Pangs	Those Love Pangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creep_(song)	The Creep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thalaimagan	Thalaimagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_(film)	Buffalo Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mouse	Jerry Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_There	Back There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Deck_(1955_film)	Hit the Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(1921_film)	Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Carol_for_Another_Christmas	A Carol for Another Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Sentai_Shinkenger	Samurai Sentai Shinkenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Sunday	First Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Pirate	Dancing Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(1997_film)	Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilate_(Ani_DiFranco_album)	Dilate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinnamon_Girl	Cinnamon Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Powell_Show	The Dick Powell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphan_(film)	Orphan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Ishikawa	Chu Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(The_Stranglers_album)	Black and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ogden_Stiers	David Ogden Stiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Greer	Jane Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_Professor_II:_The_Klumps	Nutty Professor II: The Klumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghayal_(1990_film)	Ghayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Alive_(1983_film)	Staying Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tania_Raymonde	Tania Raymonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_After_Hours	The After Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulegns	Mulegns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misunderstanding_(Genesis_song)	Misunderstanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Boss_(film)	Big Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Armitage	George Armitage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_IV_of_France	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q936976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q151973
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_4_Ballads	Untitled 4 Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(director)	George Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1995_film)	Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Demos_&_Freestyles_Vol._2	Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiling_Lieutenant	The Smiling Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirameki_Hour	Kirameki Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodfellas	Goodfellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Knows_I'm_Miserable_Now	Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar	guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakhari_Poratam	Aakhari Poratam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Stone_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Heart of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbors_(1981_film)	Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Czinner	Paul Czinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1999_film)	A Midsummer Night's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Wilson_(writer)	Carey Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpier_Old_Men	Grumpier Old Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmer_Daves	Delmer Daves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Reilly_Raine	Norman Reilly Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_World_(1932_film)	Night World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(Delta_Goodrem_song)	Out of the Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Super_Stars'_Bugs_Bunny:_Hare_Extraordinaire	Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Hare Extraordinaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiii_Shot_the_DJ	Aiii Shot the DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roizman	Owen Roizman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Lost	Legend of the Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doane_Harrison	Doane Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaadi_Ke_Side_Effects	Shaadi Ke Side Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Assassin	Ninja Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ry_Cooder	Ry Cooder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_and_Silent_Bob_Strike_Back	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maps_to_the_Stars	Maps to the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya_in_Bordeaux	Goya in Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Cliff	Jimmy Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaliano_Brancati	Vitaliano Brancati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachers_(film)	Teachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q319682
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Gassman	Vittorio Gassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivica_A._Fox	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220396
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfre_Woodard	Alfre Woodard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Cheer!	Stand Up and Cheer!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd_(2015_film)	Far from the Madding Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Walk	Elephant Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Islands	Song of the Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_at_Batasi	Guns at Batasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Russell	Jane Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Hill	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q243430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buseno	Buseno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Siege_(novel)	Sharpe's Siege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_and_Her_Sisters	Hannah and Her Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_from_Another_World	The Thing from Another World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Samayal_Arayil	Un Samayal Arayil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer's_Mountain	Spencer's Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_There_(Rascal_Flatts_song)	Take Me There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_Meet_a_Tall_Dark_Stranger	You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Wild_Things_Are_(film)	Where the Wild Things Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Kelly	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q273055
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_(1950_film)	Cheaper by the Dozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Harold_&_Kumar_3D_Christmas	A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Grammer	Kelsey Grammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zu	The Legend of Zu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Brother	Hey Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulami	Ghulami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post-punk	post-punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dinklage	Peter Dinklage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Seuss'_How_the_Grinch_Stole_Christmas_(film)	Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_Need_(The_Twilight_Zone)	What You Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Leighton_(film_editor)	Robert Leighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Missing_Links	Three Missing Links
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardes_(film)	Pardes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wedding	A Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_Your_Glass	Raise Your Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerda_Fiil	Gerda Fiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lowery_(director)	David Lowery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Less_Ordinary_(song)	A Life Less Ordinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Connell	Richard Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monaco	Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Magnificent_Men_in_their_Flying_Machines	Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Leader_(Lost)	Follow the Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Vorobyov	Dmitri Vorobiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zak_Penn	Zak Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._S._Viswanathan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3115598
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Halves	Better Halves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_2:_The_Island_of_Lost_Dreams	Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Million	100 Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Bottoms	Timothy Bottoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torin_Thatcher	Torin Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Kovalenko	Andrei Kovalenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_in_the_Attic	Aliens in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Kranz_tedesco_di_Germania	Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartuffe_(film)	Tartuffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q199945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Man	Cadillac Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Nights	Boogie Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sawtell	Paul Sawtell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_in_Arabia	Action in Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Grandmother's_Dead	Oh, Grandmother's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_lupo_al_lupo	Al lupo al lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Five_Minutes	The Last Five Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Goes_There!	Who Goes There!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Colder_Than_Death_(film)	Love Is Colder Than Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_(film)	Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Majority_of_One_(film)	A Majority of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._Larry_Flynt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q750077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Ending	The Happy Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Decent_Criminal	Ordinary Decent Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Cherry_Wine	Sweet Cherry Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Budkin	Alexander Budkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_Freeway	Honky Tonk Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounce_(film)	Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_Avenue_(film)	Wabash Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Get_Money	I Get Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hamlet_Less	One Hamlet Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perarasu	Perarasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Enright	Ray Enright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(film)	Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_the_USA_(song)	Made in the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud:_The_Secret_Passion	Freud: The Secret Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Paani	Dana Paani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Jamison	Bud Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_no_Te	Kimi no Te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Oakenfold	Paul Oakenfold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_(Every_Little_Thing_song)	Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_(1936_film)	San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Joe_Armstrong	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q712592
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Along_the_Mohawk	Drums Along the Mohawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Premature_Burial_(film)	The Premature Burial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_Cut	Hand Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(1972_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q874496
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_burbero	Il burbero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Stories_(film)	True Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Haydar	Darren Haydar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulbhushan_Kharbanda	Kulbhushan Kharbanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollis_B._Chenery	Hollis B. Chenery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneha_(actress)	Sneha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Broken_Blade	The Clue of the Broken Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DGC_Records	DGC Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell	Michael Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Cars_Go	No Cars Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_(album)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3027314
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Falcon	Day of the Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rings_on_Her_Fingers	Rings on Her Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Garfield_Christmas	A Garfield Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salavat_Yulaev_Ufa	Salavat Yulaev Ufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_Higgins	John Michael Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Duvalier	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Got_to_Be_a_Way	There's Got to Be a Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Krivokrasov	Sergei Krivokrasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnish_language	Finnish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards	Blake Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)	Out of the Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(film)	Afterglow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nines	The Nines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_(Beatles_album)	1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Leela_Bhansali	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bheemaa	Bheema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravissimo_(film)	Bravissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanic_(1972_film)	The Mechanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Friday:_Roman_Reloaded	Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Entertainment	Reliance Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanee_River_(film)	Swanee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Temple_of_Doom	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q179215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punisher_(2004_film)	The Punisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_III:_Season_of_the_Witch	Halloween III: Season of the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1844	Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Does_Herr_R._Run_Amok%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q543382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consenting_Adults_(1992_film)	Consenting Adults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Léon:_The_Professional	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q484675
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Martin	Steve Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_(film)	Grown Ups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Fries_(film)	Home Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_Town_(2006_film)	Man About Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley_Face_(film)	Smiley Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Blown	Let's Get Blown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Deadly_Sin	The First Deadly Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zor_(film)	Zor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_You_(Split_Enz_song)	I Got You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Mind_Control_(song)	Universal Mind Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clea_DuVall	Clea DuVall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Stuber	Scott Stuber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Back_(Demi_Lovato_song)	Get Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damages_(TV_series)	Damages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Levant	Oscar Levant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_One	Lost Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lom	Herbert Lom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._G._Marshall	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q706165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soraai	Soraai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_and_Miri_Make_a_Porno	Zack and Miri Make a Porno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_at_War	Madman at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_in_the_Sun_(The_Living_End_song)	Moment in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAARP_(album)	HAARP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsunku	Tsunku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palletoori_Pilla	Palletoori Pilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Affleck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483118
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_de_Bakōn!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3013353
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_(U.S._TV_series)	Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balu_Mahendra	Balu Mahendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Carrere	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q286570
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Beers	Three Little Beers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R..._Rajkumar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7289256
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Rides_Again	Herbie Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Academy_(film)	Vampire Academy: Blood Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weezer	Weezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Sedaka	Neil Sedaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Shaldybin	Evgeny Shaldybin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_de_Havilland	Olivia de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_ga_Oikaketa_Yume	Kimi ga Oikaketa Yume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tit_for_Tat_(film)	Tit for Tat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Stuff_a_Wild_Bikini	How to Stuff a Wild Bikini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1914_(film)	1914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfer,_Dude	Surfer, Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifter's_Escape	Drifter's Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cox_(actor)	Brian Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Prentiss	Paula Prentiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Bisbetico_Domato	Il Bisbetico Domato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_(1958_film)	Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ring_Circus	3 Ring Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Point_(1993_film)	Boiling Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Go_Round	World Go Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Bradford	Jesse Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Ferreri	Marco Ferreri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_First_Contact	Star Trek: First Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lovitz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296524
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Gordon_(producer)	Lawrence Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcin_Zborowski	Marcin Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Petit_Monde_de_Don_Camillo	Le Petit Monde de Don Camillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q750384
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Mastroianni	Marcello Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_Goes_to_Washington	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q866120
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Mallet	The Fatal Mallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towed_in_a_Hole	Towed in a Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q33999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Goes_West	The Ghost Goes West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_(singer)	Ashanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_of_the_Zombie	Track of the Zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_of_Shame_(film)	Walk of Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_(film)	Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Dawson	Ralph Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Has_Fallen	Olympus Has Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spawn_of_the_North	Spawn of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Ugra	HC Yugra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dreamers_Christmas	A Dreamers Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binnie_Barnes	Binnie Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lech_Majewski_(film_director)	Lech Majewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_(1970_film)	Sunflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tolstoy	Leo Tolstoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Fugitive_from_a_Chain_Gang	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashes_Before_Your_Eyes	Flashes Before Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Velvet_(film)	Blue Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn	Samuel Goldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Edge_of_Things	At the Edge of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Smile_(film)	A Certain Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiler-ów_2-óch	Kiler-ów 2-óch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X:_The_Man_with_the_X-ray_Eyes	X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David's_Mother	David's Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandanam	Vandanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iruvar	Iruvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmaster_(film)	Grandmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Man	Holy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Dancing_(Babylon_5)	Shadow Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Messick	Don Messick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Pink_Panther	Revenge of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kildare's_Strange_Case	Dr. Kildare's Strange Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Kloser	Harald Kloser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Nuts	Mixed Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Doors_Down_(Mystery_Jets_song)	Two Doors Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Mama	Big Bad Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die,_Monster,_Die!	Die, Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Critic	The Critic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariola_Records	Ariola Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229507
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(1969_film)	More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spun	Spun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decalogue_II	Decalogue II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lebowski	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q337078
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_due_carabinieri	I due carabinieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elissa_Landi	Elissa Landi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q269912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagawat	Bhagawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallen_Idol_(film)	The Fallen Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Craig	Harriet Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Osbourne	Kelly Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_Records	Daylight Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Huston	John Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McGraw_(song)	Tim McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatfoot_(film)	Piedone lo sbirro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Fury_1991	Fist of Fury 1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_in_the_Rough	Garfield in the Rough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/À_quoi_je_sers...	À quoi je sers...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bumagin	Alexander Bumagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_but_the_Lonely_Heart_(film)	None but the Lonely Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Never_Been_Mellow	Have You Never Been Mellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1112005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Nickleby_(2002_film)	Nicholas Nickleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okay,_America!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3350024
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devin_the_Dude	Devin the Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_of_a_Down	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q45165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Estefan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Faithful	We Are the Faithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Furnace	Out of the Furnace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limits_of_Control	The Limits of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrender_(1987_film)	Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracks_(film)	Cracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Richard	Looking for Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Saura	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295855
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_(1996_film)	Twister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scientific_Cardplayer	The Scientific Cardplayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_(film)	Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Circus	The Big Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_in_Paradise_(film)	Bachelor in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar_(song)	Radar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Haydn	Richard Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rosenbloom	David Rosenbloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tuxedo_Begins	The Tuxedo Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Under_the_Red_Hood	Batman: Under the Red Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Gun	The Way of the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Kozlov	Vyacheslav Kozlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_World	Chemical World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadashi_no_Megami	Hadashi no Megami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Bini	Alfredo Bini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Your_Life_(film)	The Time of Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Earle_Haley	Jackie Earle Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saat_Rang_Ke_Sapne	Saat Rang Ke Sapne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_(song)	Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Graham	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q224026
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rango_(2011_film)	Rango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Nedd-Friendly	Priscilla Nedd-Friendly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caddy	The Caddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spede_Pasanen	Spede Pasanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Chance_on_Me	Take a Chance on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Browning	Tod Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderball_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q107724
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Berta	Renato Berta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waris_Shah:_Ishq_Daa_Waaris	Waris Shah: Ishq Daa Waaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Almighty	Evan Almighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carlyle	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207307
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Survivors	Soul Survivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q487447
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Done_Him_Wrong	She Done Him Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_(song)	Angie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletch_(film)	Fletch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilan_Eshkeri	Ilan Eshkeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Portman	Rachel Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_for_Money	Marry for Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Sudeikis	Jason Sudeikis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_(1980_film)	The Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Lawrence	Marc Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruising_(film)	Cruising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_(film)	Stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Duets	Dynamic Duets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haze_(2005_film)	Haze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_It_On'em	Did It On'em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakhri_Ghulam	Aakhri Ghulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Into_the_Wild_Green_Yonder	Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariah_Carey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41076
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michèle_Morgan	Michèle Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIAS_Recordings	Play It Again Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confirmed_Dead	Confirmed Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_and_Dolls_(film)	Guys and Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Returner_(Yami_no_Shūen)	Returner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(Green_Day_song)	She
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_(film)	Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Months_Off	Two Months Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Taylor_(director)	Alan Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Siciliano	Antonio Siciliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_and_Around	Around and Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Andersson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214582
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(2003_film)	Thirteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_New_Wonderful	The Great New Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_My_Bones	Out of My Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ogre_(1996_film)	The Ogre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Me_in_the_Morning_(film)	Touch Me in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Stuart	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189407
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolce_(album)	Dolce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Misharin	Georgi Misharin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Knights	Restless Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Jam_(film)	Traffic Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cummins	Peggy Cummins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Shot_Liberty_Valance	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Surtees	Bruce Surtees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienna_Miller	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193458
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo's_Oil	Lorenzo's Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen_(film)	Oxygen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremonies_of_Light_and_Dark	Ceremonies of Light and Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy:_The_Spirits_Within	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q752541
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Conrad	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q82925
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Roven	Charles Roven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_World_(Five_Star_album)	Rock the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_People_Eater_(film)	Purple People Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Once_Upon_a_Christmas	Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_(TV_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209878
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Abel_(cinematographer)	David Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_and_Melinda	Melinda and Melinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobel-Tägerschen	Tobel-Tägerschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Flaherty	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q263148
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_(1969_film)	The Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Studi	Wes Studi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kahn_(film_editor)	Michael Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Coop	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1110520
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Love_(1947_film)	Song of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andaz_(1994_film)	Andaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Minutes	4 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times_(1975_film)	Hard Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_'n'_Stuff	Ghosts 'n' Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_N._Green	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q854215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dogs_(film)	Old Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Corner	Man on the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Zappa	Frank Zappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._K._Simmons	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q150482
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arshad_Warsi	Arshad Warsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IFC_Films	IFC Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_of_Filth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q487479
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Andress	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211111
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Moore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187832
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Eve	Birthday Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari_(1931_film)	Mata Hari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_(Faith_No_More_song)	Ricochet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_and_the_Arrow	The Flame and the Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin	Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Block_Is_Hot_(song)	Tha Block Is Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_'n'_Dolly	Porter 'n' Dolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdamned	Amsterdamned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Levin_(director)	Mark Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Marrakesh	Our Man in Marrakesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruda_Thiruda	Thiruda Thiruda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Play_(album)	Press Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Academy_of_Music_and_Dramatic_Art	London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Freedom	Cry Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones	The Rolling Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara_Crawl	Sayonara Crawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham	Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_III	Superman III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1989_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q114115
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_(film)	Ricochet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rian_James	Rian James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule/Sparkle	Rule/Sparkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Burwell	Carter Burwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azure_Moon	Azure Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_(1939_film)	Jesse James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poi_(film)	Poi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(1958_film)	The Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_Mrs._Tingle	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1541608
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raajpal_Yadav	Rajpal Yadav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Spiridonov	Maxim Spiridonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Man's_Poison	Another Man's Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naseeb_(1981_film)	Naseeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Trasho	Mondo Trasho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Carradine	Keith Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Daisy_Clover	Inside Daisy Clover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Lawrence	Florence Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Henstridge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230527
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy's_Factory	Toy's Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Lloyd	Art Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Salkind	Alexander Salkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vision_in_Blakelight	A Vision in Blakelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_on_Zombie_Island	Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showmance_(Glee)	Showmance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(film)	Hannibal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Sing_(film)	Sing Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_J._Epstein	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q795022
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farouk_of_Egypt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean_Goes_to_Town	Mr. Bean Goes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Fields_(film)	The Killing Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_and_the_Snow	The Tiger and the Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_4_(30_Rock)	Season 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Camillo's_Last_Round	Don Camillo's Last Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Libatique	Matthew Libatique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamehameha_I	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214910
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Movin'_On_(Rascal_Flatts_song)	I'm Movin' On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_on_U,_Vol._2	It's All on U, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Secret!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q506452
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(Prince_song)	Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanzo_di_un_giovane_povero	Romanzo di un giovane povero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_June	Ray June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Inside	The Sea Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(2009_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200396
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Raj	Anita Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikkim_(film)	Sikkim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakuryū_Sentai_Abaranger	Bakuryū Sentai Abaranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam	Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Dark_House	The Old Dark House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Adorf	Mario Adorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obernewtyn_(novel)	Obernewtyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovemakers_(film)	The Lovemakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLean	Alistair MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Jeopardy	Triple Jeopardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirameku_Namida_wa_Hoshi_ni	Kirameku Namida wa Hoshi ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennie_Niehaus	Lennie Niehaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannon_Group,_Inc.	The Cannon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Peyton_Place_(film)	Return to Peyton Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Darkness_and_the_Light	Between the Darkness and the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Schoonmaker	Thelma Schoonmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._Demented	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2518695
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Giulio_Majano	Anton Giulio Majano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sire_Records	Sire Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(1979_film)	Starting Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_Dawn	The 7th Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(1998_film)	Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peepli_Live	Peepli Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_Sid	Wake Up Sid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_on_By_Cunning	Put on By Cunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_chili_in_7_giorni	7 chili in 7 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Goulding	Edmund Goulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeet_Ulrich	Skeet Ulrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolis_(film)	Cosmopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_L._Warner	Jack Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids:_All_the_Time_in_the_World	Spy Kids: All the Time in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A.R.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q933794
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajja_(film)	Lajja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._S._Ramakrishna_Rao	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7117513
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Undercover	So Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Naam_Joker	Mera Naam Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Brenon	Herbert Brenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Life_of_Timothy_Green	The Odd Life of Timothy Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostel:_Part_II	Hostel: Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Mia_(song)	Mamma Mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brummell_(film)	Beau Brummell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34600
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameboy_Kids	Gameboy Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristana_(song)	Tristana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_of_the_Night	Strangers of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Lightning_(film)	Heat Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Campers_(2001_film)	Happy Campers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaroni_(film)	Macaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Connery	Sean Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Södertälje_SK	Södertälje SK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_by_Night	Clash by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(1954_film)	Black Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_the_Colonels	We Want the Colonels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaboom_(film)	Kaboom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Chef	The 4-Hour Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Else_Not_Me	Someone Else Not Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bidone	Il bidone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Henry	Carry On Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marupadiyum	Marupadiyum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks_(Live_song)	Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Dragon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q331617
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Sweet	King of Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_on_Their_Hands	Crime on Their Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Works	Whatever Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greene	Richard Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polar_Express_(film)	The Polar Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Crevasse	Into the Crevasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Night	The Wedding Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Poses	Wild Poses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_from_Nothing:_The_Art_of_Rap	Something from Nothing: The Art of Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormakalundayirikkanam	Ormakalundayirikkanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Balakrishnan_(composer)	S. Balakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_All_the_Lights_On	Turn All the Lights On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Wanna	I Just Wanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Pinter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41042
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teldec	Teldec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_(1939_film)	Stagecoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi_no_Dance_Site	Koi no Dance Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(Do_As_Infinity_song)	Oasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Balandin	Mikhail Balandin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Come_Up_(song)	Sun Come Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Announcement_(song)	Announcement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky's_the_Limit_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._song)	Sky's the Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shelley's_Frankenstein_(film)	Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_(1989_film)	Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghassan_Tueni	Ghassan Tueni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoop_Dogg	Snoop Dogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namae_no_Nai_Sora_o_Miagete	Namae no Nai Sora o Miagete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_Hayes	John Michael Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverence_(Faithless_album)	Reverence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Rod_(film)	Hot Rod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Houston	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34389
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Name_Only	In Name Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Be_Good_(1941_film)	Lady Be Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nylander	Michael Nylander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_New_York	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40435
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicko	Sicko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Dolphin_Street	Green Dolphin Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Love_Dogs	Must Love Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco_and_His_Brothers	Rocco and His Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mancini	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185928
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_First_Dates	50 First Dates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Man_for_Himself_(Lost)	Every Man for Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov_(1958_film)	The Brothers Karamazov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ansolabehere	Joe Ansolabehere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Beat_(1986_film)	Off Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Newman,_M.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1035124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Wonder	Stevie Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gibbs	Richard Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_One_Day_(Heroes)	Just for One Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universum_Film_AG	Universum Film AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Dr._Caligari	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q153886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Guy	Sweet Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeni_Koreshkov	Yevgeniy Koreshkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Fu_Manchu	The Blood of Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Paradise_(1951_film)	Bird of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Yemeleyev	Igor Yemeleyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Furlong	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309631
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lester	Richard Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_of_Grass_(film)	Leaves of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Krasker	Robert Krasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_in_Common	Nothing in Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Music	Ultra Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singam	Singam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Secret_Service	Italian Secret Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookin'_for_a_Good_Time	Lookin' for a Good Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sita_Kalyanam_(1976_film)	Seeta Kalyanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck,_You_Sucker!	Duck, You Sucker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Ahlberg	Mac Ahlberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Ain't_No_Quitter	I Ain't No Quitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City	Panama City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_II_of_France	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132548
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Loves_Papa_(1933_film)	Mama Loves Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sinise	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180272
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis	Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Gotta_Get_out_of_This_Place	We Gotta Get out of This Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Money_Mo_Problems	Mo Money Mo Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Blue_Eyes	Behind Blue Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoops,_I'm_an_Indian	Whoops, I'm an Indian!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Piovani	Nicola Piovani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Griffith	Raymond Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhash_Ghai	Subhash Ghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Beebe	Dion Beebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Key	The Stone Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_a_Song_of_Six_Pants	Sing a Song of Six Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_White	Coma White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_americano_a_Roma	Un americano a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Versus_Powerman_and_the_Moneygoround,_Part_One	Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround, Part One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_Hell	Year of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Shines_Bright	The Sun Shines Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Encounters_of_the_Third_Kind	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q320588
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Girlfriends_Past	Ghosts of Girlfriends Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Babbar	Raj Babbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weezer_(2001_album)	Weezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulchul_(2004_film)	Hulchul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Is_a_Woman	A Woman Is a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_(film)	Eros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_Zone	Rhythm Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Force	Magnum Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_Ends	Madness Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_to_Order	Maid to Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_(2005_film)	Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_of_the_Storm	Orphans of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorcee	The Divorcee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Loane_Tucker	George Loane Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Stevens	Fisher Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_(Olivia_Newton-John_album)	Olivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hayward	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q248837
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay_(film)	Thunder Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rooney	Mickey Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiranjeevi	Chiranjeevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_and_Sixpence_(film)	The Moon and Sixpence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Sordi	Alberto Sordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Life	Only Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(1968_film)	Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muni_2:_Kanchana	Muni 2: Kanchana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couples_Retreat	Couples Retreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Rock_(1947_film)	Brighton Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Lonely	Mister Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luís_I_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156175
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Road	Arlington Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_and_the_Dead_(1995_film)	The Quick and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_EP)	L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_110th_Street	Across 110th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Conchos_(film)	Rio Conchos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamoshi:_The_Musical	Khamoshi: The Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Mohr	Hal Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_at_Me_Dog	Get at Me Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Courage	Alexander Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Satan	Madam Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_in_Love	Ladies in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1990_film)	Cyrano de Bergerac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Amos	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193744
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Holiday	Stolen Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(2004_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q72450
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Gonna_Find_Me	Who's Gonna Find Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_(2001_film)	Sleepless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_25_(film)	Bad 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Should_Be_Dancing	You Should Be Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinful_Davey	Sinful Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Bennett	Jimmy Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Citti	Franco Citti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadians_(1961_film)	The Canadians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_Entertainment	Aftermath Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Ruler	The World Ruler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Terrace	From the Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Tango_in_Paris	Last Tango in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Deepwoods	Beyond the Deepwoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranayam	Pranayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaahat_(1996_film)	Chaahat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_and_Marian	Robin and Marian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bridges	Lloyd Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_That	Pop That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Square	Thompson Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keerthi_Chakra_(film)	Keerthi Chakra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread,_Love_and_Jealousy	Pane, amore e gelosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ladies_Meet_(1941_film)	When Ladies Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Mate_(1956_film)	Fool's Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Hoyaa_Pardes	Des Hoyaa Pardes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Days_in_July	Five Days in July
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1996_film)	Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naan_Avanillai_(2007_film)	Naan Avanillai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_with_Dirty_Faces	Angels with Dirty Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Trump	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q22686
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partyman	Partyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untervaz	Untervaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_(film)	Tammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Bruins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194121
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Cox	Ronny Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koibumi/Good_Night	Koibumi/Good Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_O'Riley	Baba O'Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huckleberry_Hound_Show	The Huckleberry Hound Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels	Lorne Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Dig_Two	Better Dig Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Joffé	Roland Joffé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Jane	The Diary of Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Soviet_Federative_Socialist_Republic	Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vince	Robert Vince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Jones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1231435
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Knox	Alexander Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namida_no_Niji/Save_Me	Namida no Niji/Save Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Night_of_Romance	Her Night of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò,_Peppino_e_i_fuorilegge	Totò, Peppino e i fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Özdemir_Sabancı	Özdemir Sabancı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Arkadin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1877554
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears	Britney Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Related	Gang Related
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontana_Records	Fontana Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Alba	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Miracle	Big Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragonslayer	The Dragonslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_(film)	Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_V:_The_Mysterious_Island	The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(1927_film)	The Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cataracs	The Cataracs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basshunter	Basshunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Kasekende	Louis Kasekende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iza,_Now!	Iza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Work_(film)	Blood Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicentennial_Man_(film)	Bicentennial Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akshay_Kumar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q233748
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Polly	Along Came Polly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Touch_(film)	The Medusa Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickens_Come_Home	Chickens Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVT_Records	TVT Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Dickinson	Angie Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Key	The Skeleton Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh_City	Ho Chi Minh City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_O'Neill	Henry O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(1995_film)	Pulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Carreras	Michael Carreras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Decision	Executive Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Says_I_Love_You	Everyone Says I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Death	River of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pidakkozhi_Koovunna_Noottandu	Pidakkozhi Koovunna Noottandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._P._Sippy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q355899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Rolling_Stones	Rock'n'Rolling Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_(film)	Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma_Blair	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q264748
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyothika	Jyothika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock	Alfred Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledgehammer_(Peter_Gabriel_song)	Sledgehammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Drive	Kamen Rider Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Stuff_(Kumi_Koda_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3122640
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Thompson	Marshall Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(1977_film)	The Sentinel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_(film)	Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_International	Eros International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singularity_(Star_Trek:_Enterprise)	Singularity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Franco	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q306403
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardish	Gardish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry	Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baadshah_(1999_film)	Baadshah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monisha_En_Monalisa	Monisha En Monalisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayasurya	Jayasurya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ruttenberg	Joseph Ruttenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiatus_(30_Rock)	Hiatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Don't_Care_About_Us	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q159348
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Levy_(film_producer)	Robert L. Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Road	The False Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Hamm	Jon Hamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_the_Dead_(film)	The City of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajanna	Rajanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Taylor	Estelle Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Floyd	Pink Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolves_(film)	The Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Union_(film)	Western Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jacobi	Derek Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland	Iceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Let_Go	Let Me Let Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gainsbourg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q276005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Radulov	Igor Radulov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_(Lost)	I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wängi	Wängi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Serenade	Broadway Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Solondz	Todd Solondz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Ashita	Mata Ashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Summerville	Slim Summerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohit_Shetty	Rohit Shetty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idris_Elba	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q342604
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler_(1974_film)	The Gambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Dahlia	The Blue Dahlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedumudi_Venu	Nedumudi Venu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Luis_Alcaine	José Luis Alcaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masti_(2004_film)	Masti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_a_Woman	Just Like a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Drink	One More Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_to_the_Head	Take It to the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chellamae	Chellamae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_(film)	Malice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_and_One_Dalmatians	One Hundred and One Dalmatians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undone_–_The_Sweater_Song	Undone \u2013 The Sweater Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_DeMarco	Don Juan DeMarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Corddry	Rob Corddry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Food_Nation_(film)	Fast Food Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_High_(1950_film)	Riding High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Martin's_Press	St. Martin's Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Novak	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212879
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Times_at_Ridgemont_High	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Whitman	Stuart Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manderlay	Manderlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_(musician)	Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Na_Kabhi	Kabhi Na Kabhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lang	Charles Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(2005_film)	Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis_and_Butt-Head_Do_America	Beavis and Butt-head Do America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_John_Doe	Meet John Doe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hader	Bill Hader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q32849
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampf_um_Rom	Kampf um Rom I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthless_Records	Ruthless Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Rogers	Kenny Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Wonderful_(film)	Some Kind of Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senteza_Kajubi	Senteza Kajubi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disengagement_(film)	Disengagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_Tango	Assassination Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1992_film)	The Bodyguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Man	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188845
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Conway	Tom Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Hudgens	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q123174
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Richardson_Bass	Perry Richardson Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senthil_(actor)	Senthil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tak_Matsumoto	Takahiro Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Books	Pocket Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfork	Northfork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_the_Crusader	Sigurd the Crusader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predators_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q380667
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Treatment_(U.S._TV_series)	In Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobruk_(1967_film)	Tobruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dara_Singh	Dara Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_(film_series)	Once Upon a Time in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_(film)	Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bevan	Tim Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Kabukiman_N.Y.P.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3958739
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coretta_Scott_King	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sell_Anything	I Sell Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSI-Missing	PSI-Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Club	The Monster Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John_of_Las_Vegas	Saint John of Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houseboat_(film)	Houseboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(2001_film)	Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanksgiving_(Glee)	Thanksgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aadyathe_Kanmani	Aadyathe Kanmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Dollar_Too_Many	One Dollar Too Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_on_You!	Stuck on You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Hot_to_Handle_(1960_film)	Too Hot to Handle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Face	A Woman's Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finalmente_libero!	Finalmente libero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Song	This Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_on_Main_St	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q217248
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_We_Have_No_Bonanza	Yes, We Have No Bonanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._M._Rathnam	A. M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Rain_(song)	Purple Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Jesse_James_by_the_Coward_Robert_Ford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q388950
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Robertson_Justice	James Robertson Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Epstein	Rob Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aldrich	Robert Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxophone	saxophone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compromising_Positions	Compromising Positions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Beard_(American_actor)	Matthew Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Clarkson	Patricia Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expendables_(2010_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206374
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flicka	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q636629
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Temple	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182580
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(1934_film)	The Count of Monte Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hare_(playwright)	David Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Noise	The Big Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Gutierrez	Sebastian Gutierrez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_His_Watch_Is_Ended	And Now His Watch Is Ended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Men_in_Tights	Robin Hood: Men in Tights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Taken_a_Shine	She's Taken a Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanachie_Records	Shanachie Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/88_Minutes	88 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Mess_(film)	A Fine Mess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_They_Do	Then They Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._Dr._Kildare	The People vs. Dr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff	Robert Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Saroja_Devi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3521068
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_World_(1939_film)	It's a Wonderful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminology_(song)	Criminology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King_II:_Simba's_Pride	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191803
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Leavitt	Sam Leavitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What's_the_Story)_Morning_Glory%3F	(What's The Story) Morning Glory?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1916_film)	Macbeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malavika	Malavika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Italy_(film)	Made in Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_West	Once Upon a Time in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Moonacre	The Secret of Moonacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Several_Species_of_Small_Furry_Animals_Gathered_Together_in_a_Cave_and_Grooving_with_a_Pict	Several Species of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together in a Cave and Grooving with a Pict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Deaths	Two Deaths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Mirrione	Stephen Mirrione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Moon	China Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Jones	Gemma Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toast_of_New_Orleans	The Toast of New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Rocket	Bottle Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jourdan	Louis Jourdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(1976_film)	Il soldato di ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Wayne_and_Dolly_Rebecca	Porter Wayne and Dolly Rebecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Giant_Leap	One Giant Leap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Divorce	Le Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_III	Beverly Hills Cop III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annual_World's_Best_SF	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7713874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(1950_film)	Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juve_the_Great	Juve the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing:_Havana_Nights	Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin:_Live_at_St._Ann's_Warehouse	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2361395
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Behind	Carry On Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_(Morning_Musume_song)	I Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fields	Joseph Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_My_Town_(Play_Ball)	4 My Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Zieliński	Jerzy Zieliński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifted_or_The_Story_is_in_the_Soil,_Keep_Your_Ear_to_the_Ground	Lifted or The Story is in the Soil, Keep Your Ear to the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_a_Certain_Age	Men of a Certain Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_va_in_pensione	Fantozzi va in pensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(Sarah_McLachlan_song)	Possession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_(Wonder_Girls_song)	Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hill_(director)	Walter Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne	Newcastle upon Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Lawrence	Barbara Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things_(1998_film)	Wild Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mila_Kunis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37628
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamp_of_God	The Lamp of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Used_to_Love_H.E.R.	I Used to Love H.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excuse_My_Dust_(1951_film)	Excuse My Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Slam_Opera	Grand Slam Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day_(film)	The Remains of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Brown_(writer)	Harry Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Todd_(industrialist)	Charles Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Time	Melody Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disentis	Disentis/Mustér
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Plumbing_We_Will_Go	A Plumbing We Will Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gamma_People	The Gamma People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Oldfield	Mike Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo:_First_Blood_Part_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q319783
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(Michael_Jackson_album)	Thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'incantevole_nemica	L'incantevole nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onna_ni_Sachi_Are	Onna ni Sachi Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Fockers	Meet the Fockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_to_Love_(1953_film)	Easy to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Kukumberg	Roman Kukumberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_10_From_Navarone	Force 10 From Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_+_Juliet	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q463313
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal_(2007_Hindi_film)	Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candidate_(Lost)	The Candidate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q464042
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Jean-Louis	Jimmy Jean-Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_with_Mussolini	Tea with Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_(2010_film)	Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Brown	Dan Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Cat_(1975_film)	Attenti al buffone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_South	Song of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Spano	Vincent Spano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Loada	Big Loada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Years	Easy Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eazy-Duz-It_(song)	Eazy-Duz-It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Flat	Bachelor Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_(2008_film)	Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Hope_(film)	City of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dirt	Joe Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Abbott	Bud Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Game_(2006_film)	End Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_(1987_film)	Orphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_There's_War_There's_Hope	While There's War There's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Is_Mine	The Girl Is Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_of_Scotland_(film)	Mary of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Proof	Death Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Six_(song)	Number Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_(film)	The Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisna:_The_Warrior_Poet	Kisna: The Warrior Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab_(Amy_Winehouse_song)	Rehab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova_(2000_film)	Supernova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Thing_(Duran_Duran_album)	Big Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busby_Berkeley	Busby Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tender_Trap_(film)	The Tender Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonino_Guerra	Tonino Guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nice_Guys	The Nice Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Colonel	Me and the Colonel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Goldenberg	William Goldenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richest_Girl_in_the_World_(1934_film)	The Richest Girl in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_(film)	Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveling_Executioner	The Traveling Executioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebug_(Jonas_Brothers_song)	Lovebug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultravisitor	Ultravisitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_(Paramore_song)	Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fenton	George Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Dive	Crash Dive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Lanchester	Elsa Lanchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Swicord	Robin Swicord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Carter_III	Tha Carter III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_J._Folsey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q329176
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brownlow	Kevin Brownlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia	Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Operator_(1976_film)	The Big Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Part_of_No	What Part of No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwone_Fisher_(film)	Antwone Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rapaport	Michael Rapaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Kar-wai	Wong Kar-wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Little_More_Love_(song)	Just a Little More Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahima_Chaudhry	Mahima Chaudhry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Divorce	Hollywood Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Ready_(Blue_Rodeo_album)	Are You Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Cowboy	Midnight Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(1985_film)	Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clear_and_Present_Danger	A Clear and Present Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Threads:_Stories_from_the_Quilt	Common Threads: Stories from the Quilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_of_Harvey_Milk	The Times of Harvey Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barnes_(cinematographer)	George Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Favourite_Husband	Her Favourite Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Without_End	Song Without End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._B._Choudary	R. B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noises_Off_(film)	Noises Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillie's_Punctured_Romance_(1914_film)	Tillie's Punctured Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Business_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Family Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_First_(film)	Murder in the First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_(film)	Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(1996_film)	Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Mellor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q362210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Skerritt	Tom Skerritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Odets	Clifford Odets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lover_(film)	The Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Estabrook	Howard Estabrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(1947_film)	California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Grimaldi	Alberto Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schluein	Schluein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Hell's_That_Gold%3F	Where the Hell's That Gold?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Auto_Races_at_Venice	Kid Auto Races at Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Dark_(film)	Lady in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hood	Dave Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Fieramosca_(1938_film)	Ettore Fieramosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_with_Each_Other	Stuck with Each Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Star_(R._Kelly_song)	Rock Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Up	Hanging Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaa_Lathan	Sanaa Lathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_War	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q308681
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_State_of_Trance_2009	A State of Trance 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son,_My_Son,_What_Have_Ye_Done%3F	My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Solt	Andrew Solt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAP_(company)	VAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crunge	The Crunge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Pendleton	Austin Pendleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Holiday_(film)	Johnny Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Goetzke	Bernhard Goetzke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capone_(film)	Capone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Drift	Arctic Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudar	Sudar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chumps_on_Parade	Chumps on Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Annaud	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q154490
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceballs	Spaceballs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimp_Juice	Pimp Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Carruth	Shane Carruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayaraghavan_(actor)	Vijayaraghavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Before_I_Die	Once Before I Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juice_(film)	Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Bellamy	Earl Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio_(1986_film)	Caravaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Chords	Some Chords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Pommer	Erich Pommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Carroll	Madeleine Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anthem_(Pitbull_song)	The Anthem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Hume	George H. Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.S._(Lost)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2994554
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_of_Love	Chance of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biograph_Company	Biograph Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_L.A.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q741026
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarak	Zarak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peril's_Gate	Peril's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdonami!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3899740
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Binder	Mike Binder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Friends_(song)	Lovers & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Men_(film)	The Tall Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Ducks	The Mighty Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_(film)	Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Linney	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223281
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_It	Married to It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Boy_(Split_Enz_song)	Poor Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers'_Day_(film)	Fathers' Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Herek	Stephen Herek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Like_You_(Cliff_Richard_and_The_Shadows_song)	A Girl Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Neely	Blake Neely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Climb_the_Highest_Mountain	I'd Climb the Highest Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rare_Breed	The Rare Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Mueller-Stahl	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q164117
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiran_Rao	Kiran Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Distinguished_Gentleman	The Distinguished Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Flowers	Broken Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo:_A_Power_Rangers_Movie	Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gekisou_Sentai_Carranger	Gekisou Sentai Carranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_(2014_film)	Noah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Trintignant	Jean-Louis Trintignant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagesh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1022530
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aadmi_Aur_Insaan	Aadmi Aur Insaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Freakshow_(Red_Elvises_album)	Welcome to the Freakshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Kadhal_Kanmani	O Kadhal Kanmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tover	Leo Tover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Murray_Abraham	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_in_Her_Life	The Men in Her Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Blow_Minds_for_a_Living	I Blow Minds for a Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Girl_Wants_(film)	What a Girl Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/127_Hours	127 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_International_Language_of_Screaming	The International Language of Screaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Martin	Dean Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde_Italian_Style	Bonnie e Clyde all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Argentine_Way	Down Argentine Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Bernstein	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q111436
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_(1999_film)	Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Baddeley	Hermione Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q623443
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_McDaniel	Hattie McDaniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Justice_for_All_(film)	...And Justice for All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_University	Brown University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary	Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)	Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can't_Say_No	If You Can't Say No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relapse_(Eminem_album)	Relapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_Kravitz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180224
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Białystok	Białystok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_(film)	Aloha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bellamy	Ralph Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Forever	Waiting for Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murphy_(composer)	John Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Letter_Office_(album)	Dead Letter Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enver_Lisin	Enver Lisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viennese_Nights	Viennese Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Wilderness	Strange Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacehunter:_Adventures_in_the_Forbidden_Zone	Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zucker_(filmmaker)	David Zucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1934_film)	The Man Who Knew Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Second_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Croft:_Tomb_Raider	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q464014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Graves_to_Cairo	Five Graves to Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerball_(2002_film)	Rollerball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Monster_(2003_film)	Party Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Hate_Me	She Hate Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madampi	Madampi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_S._Fletcher	Geoffrey S. Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Lovers	Fugitive Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Curtiz	Michael Curtiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanian_language	Romanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Ayres	Lew Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Bolton	Robert H. Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Welker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296577
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_at_Toko-Ri	The Bridges at Toko-Ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_volpone	Il volpone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_Beverly_Hills	Down and Out in Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_O'Donnell	Cathy O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Denisov	Denis Denisov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_(Blur_song)	Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_8PM	Sunday 8PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_West	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202878
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Matsuura	Aya Matsuura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Lauter	Ed Lauter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_(producer)	David Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamlover_(song)	Dreamlover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Me	Miss Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sticks	Four Sticks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoolon_Ki_Sej	Phoolon Ki Sej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute	The Substitute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Isn't_Easy_(But_It_Sure_Is_Hard_Enough)	Love Isn't Easy (But It Sure Is Hard Enough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_on_Up_(film)	Get on Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulips_(song)	Tulips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Merchant	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q732397
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Lenin	B. Lenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rock	Chris Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Vityaz	HC Vityaz Podolsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1915_Cecil_B._DeMille_film)	Carmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon	Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_a...	There Goes a...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_(Paramore_song)	Emergency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Freeman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q48337
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(1996_film)	Bulletproof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Kitchen	Heaven's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life_(TV_series)	Run for Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Eyed	Sleepy Eyed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_for_Night_(film)	Day for Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewalks_of_New_York_(2001_film)	Sidewalks of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(Gackt_song)	Love Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191716
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Sentai_Timeranger	Mirai Sentai Timeranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(film_series)	Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Flackett	Jennifer Flackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Mabuse_the_Gambler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q708497
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubnobasswithmyheadman	Dubnobasswithmyheadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pure_Formality	A Pure Formality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(1922_film)	Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_no_Hanabiratachi	Sakura no Hanabiratachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Blonde	The Strawberry Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naran_(film)	Naran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_(song)	Petrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Leaf_(film)	A New Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hudsucker_Proxy	The Hudsucker Proxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs	Infernal Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_for_Lovers	Holiday for Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_(film)	Death Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Rosenthal	Laurence Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_High_Kings	The Last of the High Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigation_of_a_Citizen_Above_Suspicion	Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_(2011_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223359
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekon	Telekon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Beloved_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1754839
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpatico_(film)	Simpatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigaku	The Bigaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan	Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night_in_Rio	That Night in Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Notte	La Notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wachowskis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q195719
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman_and_the_Girl	The Englishman and the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teach_Your_Children	Teach Your Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Newell_(director)	Mike Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Crack_Corn_(Eminem_song)	Jimmy Crack Corn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Valor	Uncommon Valor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idle_Class	The Idle Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Four_Seasons	The Merchant of Four Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmatma	Dharmatma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Maurer	Norman Maurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Places_(song)	Trading Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Wood	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483771
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen	The Dirty Dozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avtomobilist_Yekaterinburg	Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Caron	Leslie Caron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spies_Like_Us	Spies Like Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusk..._and_Her_Embrace	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q948409
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_Shutting_Up	Here's to Shutting Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Romeos	Rusty Romeos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Rutledge	Sergeant Rutledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Q	Maggie Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(B'z_song)	Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_When_It_Sizzles	Paris When It Sizzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Erwin	Stuart Erwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Age_Romeos	Stone Age Romeos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanksta	Wanksta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_(film)	Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_and_I	Io e Caterina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Mysterons_from_Mars	Revenge of the Mysterons from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_O'Brien	Edmond O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Warbeck	Stephen Warbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q484020
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachché_Ká_Bol-Bálá	Sachché Ká Bol-Bálá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makeover_(Glee)	Makeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morrissey	Paul Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Heat	White Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Wife	Dream Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Bridge_(film)	Graffiti Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_to_Trot	Hot to Trot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paying_Guests	Paying Guests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Skies	April Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Channel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q178837
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Stoller	Nicholas Stoller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Greene	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128560
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd:_Love_Paradise	3rd: Love Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_Böhm	Karlheinz Böhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy_(1936_film)	Little Lord Fauntleroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Dead_(novel)	The Book of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letting_Off_the_Happiness	Letting Off the Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyal_Griggs	Loyal Griggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q159288
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Falls	Mulholland Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Feet	On My Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1943_film)	Heaven Can Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maiden_Heist	The Maiden Heist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idle_Hands	Idle Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Billy_Young	Young Billy Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(1987_film)	Dragnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blue_Note	Big Blue Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_on_In_(film)	Come on In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satyr's_Play_/_Cerberus	The Satyr's Play / Cerberus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Weiss	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1151388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Was_That_Lady%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2322404
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_Ever_After_(Lost)	Happily Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barthelmess	Richard Barthelmess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Emperor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1950_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191753
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_(Japanese_band)	Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Remick	Lee Remick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouching_Tiger,_Hidden_Dragon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q273978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(1982_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Fire	Streets of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streets	Mean Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(Cussler_novel)	Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Believe_Me_Now_(Jimmy_Wayne_song)	Do You Believe Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_(film)	Clue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Barons	Among the Barons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Target	Brass Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_All_She_Wrote	That's All She Wrote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tora!_Tora!_Tora!	Tora! Tora!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_of_Naples	The Gold of Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhaa_Akbar	Jodhaa Akbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Grand_Masti	Great Grand Masti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Reinhold	Judge Reinhold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jayhawkers!	The Jayhawkers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shōjo_S	Shōjo S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pumpkin_Eater	The Pumpkin Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/André_Téchiné	André Téchiné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Thompson	Caroline Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yun_Hota_Toh_Kya_Hota	Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chō_Happy_Song	Chō Happy Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Williams_(composer)	Patrick Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_in_All_the_Languages_in_the_World	I Love You in All the Languages in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Münchwilen,_Thurgau	Münchwilen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Dracula_(1970_film)	Count Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_in_Your_Head	Home Is in Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Ambition	Secret Ambition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Curiosities	The Cabinet of Curiosities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fever_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola	Angola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamboree_(Beat_Happening_album)	Jamboree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Children	The City of Lost Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_Bear_(film)	Yogi Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sweet_Lord	My Sweet Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Eye	The Inner Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failure_to_Launch	Failure to Launch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_(Bob_Sinclar_song)	Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_the_Revolution_Without_Me	Start the Revolution Without Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/¡Three_Amigos!	Three Amigos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_ha_parado_de_llover	No ha parado de llover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugstore_Cowboy	Drugstore Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_in_the_Palace	Malice in the Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breast_cancer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Girls	Mean Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Kern	Robert J. Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_E._Green	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q120541
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babel_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191074
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pain_in_the_Pullman	A Pain in the Pullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_City_Sleeps_(1956_film)	While the City Sleeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Lives_of_Altar_Boys	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonu_Sood	Sonu Sood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigmata_(album)	Enigmata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waheeda_Rehman	Waheeda Rehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_for_the_Saint	Call for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_amaro	Amore amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Top_of_His_Head	The Top of His Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Dancer	Sexy Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wyman	Jane Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Through_the_Night_(film)	All Through the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closet_(2001_film)	The Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Cecchi_Gori	Mario Cecchi Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_(band)	War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(UK_TV_series)	The Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half-Naked_Truth	The Half-Naked Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misia	Misia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokomotiv_Yaroslavl	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q275825
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7776537
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Sharif	Ahmed Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo	Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(Juvenile_album)	The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(1993_film)	The Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_and_Dangerous_(film)	Armed and Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuckin'_Perfect	Fuckin' Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Havlick	Gene Havlick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Queen_(film)	The African Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_nuovi_mostri	I nuovi mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Come_Knocking	Don't Come Knocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Anthony	Marc Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Gun	Hour of the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengeki_Sentai_Changeman	Dengeki Sentai Changeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_Miranda	Isa Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_the_Moon	Walking on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beijing_with_Love	From Beijing with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_2	Stuart Little 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quinn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83484
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_on_Your_Own	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3282090
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_by_Night_(1960_film)	Escape by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_the_Sad_Café_(film)	The Ballad of the Sad Caf\u00e9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruff_Ryders'_Anthem	Ruff Ryders' Anthem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Van_Sant	Gus Van Sant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_(1962_film)	Lolita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghban_(film)	Baghban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Khondji	Darius Khondji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Sade_(film)	De Sade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2gether_(The_New_Power_Generation_song)	2gether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Woman_(1993_film)	A Dangerous Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Force	4 Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megadeth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83431
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_'77	Airport '77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Greer	Judy Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_That_Body_(Nelly_song)	Move That Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(ABBA_album)	Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York,_New_York_(film)	New York, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garfield	John Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn	Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiagarajan	Thyagarajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Crossing	Miller's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwyz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q68155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Schneider_(actor)	David Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Farrar_(actor)	David Farrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_in_Captivity	Tom Swift in Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Incas	Secret of the Incas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge_(1952_film)	Moulin Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_Strikes_Again	The Pink Panther Strikes Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_Love,_Girl_of_Mystery	Lucille Love, Girl of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_You_Like_It_(1936_film)	As You Like It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Harris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q361514
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponniyin_Selvan_(2005_film)	Ponniyin Selvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Hours	Desperate Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Beauty	Dangerous Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bennett_(screenwriter)	Charles Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_Long	Nia Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Thru_Me	Right Thru Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(DJ_Khaled_album)	Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bronston	Samuel Bronston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_of_Heaven_(2011_film)	A Little Bit of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_(Aly_&_AJ_song)	No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_Me,_Knowing_You	Knowing Me, Knowing You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Days_of_Naples_(film)	The Four Days of Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43668
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1956_film)	Anastasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zorn	John Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Michael_Richardson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q488335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(New_Order_song)	Temptation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Kennedy_(producer)	Kathleen Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_Bounce	Roll Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_No_Mind_(Snoozer)	Pay No Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(film)	Desperado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eres_Mi_Religión	Eres Mi Religi\u00f3n
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1936	Broadway Melody of 1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cronjager	Edward Cronjager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Streams	Love Streams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._T._Vijayan	V. T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Kidman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37459
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_People:_A_Year_in_the_Taiga	Happy People: A Year in the Taiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cul-de-sac_(1966_film)	Cul-de-sac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Trade_Records	Rough Trade Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(2002_film)	Solaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineriz	Cineriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Merry_Mix_Up	A Merry Mix Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Rock_&_Roll	Mr Rock & Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_at_Campobello	Sunrise at Campobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srinu_Vaitla	Srinu Vaitla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Ferriss	Timothy Ferriss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_(film)	Air Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Obscura_(album)	Camera Obscura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q38222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Women	3 Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_music	electronic music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kranti	Kranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(Björk_song)	Wanderlust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Summer_Dream	One Summer Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Lupino	Ida Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_Call	Booty Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Hepburn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42786
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q323318
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Rain_(album)	Purple Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandits_(2001_film)	Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Enough	Half Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riptide_(film)	Riptide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Stanić	Ana Stanić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Horseman	The Electric Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroker_Ace	Stroker Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Jean	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193319
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg	Steven Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludacris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193676
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnostic_Preludes	The Gnostic Preludes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Still_Here_(2010_film)	I'm Still Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Can't_We_Be_Friends%3F	Why Can't We Be Friends?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Fosse	Bob Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Soul_Is_Dead	De La Soul Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_for_Life_(film)	Lust for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Cibák	Martin Cibák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(1972_film)	Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Express_(song)	Dream Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fiennes	Joseph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Was_Her_Man	He Was Her Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(1988_film)	Child's Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Terror	Planet Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Arbuckle	Roscoe Arbuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Holbrook	Hal Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(Hunter_novel)	Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Mona_Lisa	The Ballad of Mona Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_Placed_a_Chill_in_My_Heart	You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Golovin_(ice_hockey)	Alexander Golovin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McHugh	Frank McHugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tujetsch	Tujetsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Riders	The Long Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufusized	Rufusized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Bees_(film)	The Secret Life of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajakumaran_(film)	Rajakumaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dorff	Stephen Dorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yeller_(film)	Old Yeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._R._Vijaya	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3536772
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Row	Kings Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan	Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Wild	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206357
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffet_froid	Buffet froid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachutes_(song)	Parachutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_of_the_Dead_Army_(film)	The General of the Dead Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore	Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Bryant	Joy Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_5	Scary Movie 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallel	The Parallel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Lindelof	Damon Lindelof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_North_Stars	Minnesota North Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meesa_Madhavan	Meesa Madhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Unchained	Django Unchained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_London	Julie London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Airbender	The Last Airbender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Amenábar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q274070
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_City,_Los_Angeles	Studio City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aan:_Men_at_Work	Aan: Men at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranglers	The Stranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mala_ordina	La mala ordina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Wright_(actor)	Jeffrey Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miller's_Beautiful_Wife	The Miller's Beautiful Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit	Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Tongue	Silent Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_and_Dog	Thieves and Robbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Sarafian	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q743907
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Jones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193645
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_(2007_film)	Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Men	Tin Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Nature_(film)	Human Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Here_Grindin	Out Here Grindin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_at_the_Wedding	Margot at the Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Tycoon_(film)	Casino Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanat	Sultanat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Guys_(1986_film)	Wise Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Chopra	Yash Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Code_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160560
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Songs_About_Buildings_and_Food	More Songs About Buildings and Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starships_(song)	Starships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_I've_Been_Loving_You	Since I've Been Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Alarm_(song)	Raise the Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiderwick_Chronicles_(film)	The Spiderwick Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Mule_Team	20 Mule Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Stop_(Messin'_About)	Gotta Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_(album)	Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_to_the_Ball_Game_(film)	Take Me Out to the Ball Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Cosma	Vladimir Cosma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea	Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollhouse_(TV_series)	Dollhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_Logic_(album)	Fuzzy Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Deakins	Roger Deakins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Fine	Larry Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Boys_(film)	Wonder Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnan_(film)	Karnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Next_Door	The Woman Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Booth_(film)	Phone Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Back_the_Dawn	Hold Back the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bill_of_Divorcement_(1932_film)	A Bill of Divorcement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wet_Parade	The Wet Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Period_of_Adjustment_(film)	Period of Adjustment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Uno	Fiat Uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Expect_When_You're_Expecting_(film)	What to Expect When You're Expecting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeva_(director)	Jeeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Shop	Candy Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maienfeld	Maienfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeants_3	Sergeants 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Mrs._Holliday	The Amazing Mrs. Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_an_ESP	I Am an ESP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Foreman	Carl Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popscene	Popscene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_Born	Chaos Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Simmons	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q107656
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Henkin	Hilary Henkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_of_the_Year_(film)	Rookie of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Not_Married!	We're Not Married!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_(Gackt_song)	Vanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(2009_animated_film)	9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colours_(Split_Enz_album)	True Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Porter_Earp	Nicholas Porter Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Sentai_Goggle-V	Dai Sentai Goggle-V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean_(animated_TV_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q841367
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextonik	Sextonik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Chenery	Christopher Chenery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Orchid	Brother Orchid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(1993_film)	Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_So_Right	Love So Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_(film)	Primer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Botterill	Jason Botterill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Citti	Sergio Citti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Shoes	Crocodile Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Rue_Morgue	Phantom of the Rue Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Connecticut	Hartford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington,_Delaware	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174224
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergirl_(film)	Supergirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Boys	London Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Slezak	Walter Slezak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witchmaster's_Key	The Witchmaster's Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_DeLuise	Dom DeLuise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Flow	Even Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucify_My_Love	Crucify My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Orci	Roberto Orci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audace_colpo_dei_soliti_ignoti	Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Large	Love at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Willard	Fred Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Morrow	The Long Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Girl_in_Your_Arms_Is_the_Girl_in_Your_Heart	When the Girl in Your Arms Is the Girl in Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_Joffé	Rowan Joffé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Man	Inside Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(film)	Awake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom	United Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Rapper	Irving Rapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Que_Pasa_Contigo	Que Pasa Contigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tee_for_Two	Tee for Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q488004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Pink_Panther	The Return of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_Wiest	Dianne Wiest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hart	Kevin Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Lang	June Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_dueles_en_los_labios	Como dueles en los labios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Your_Leave	By Your Leave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housefull_2	Housefull 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Fribourg-Gottéron	HC Fribourg-Gottéron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bivio	Bivio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Cool_(2009_Hindi_film)	Daddy Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Never_Too_Young	You're Never Too Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McCusker	Michael McCusker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles'_Magic_Show	Orson Welles' Magic Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tent	The Black Tent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Wood	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Robson	Flora Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil-Stone	The Devil-Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aadhi	Aadhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogro	Ogro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitch_I'm_Madonna	Bitch I'm Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_(hide_song)	Misery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliom_(1930_film)	Liliom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livid_(Nightmare_album)	Livid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Lyonne	Natasha Lyonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boxtrolls	The Boxtrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janat_Mukwaya	Janat Mukwaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_(The_Rolling_Stones_album)	Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Darn_Tootin'	You're Darn Tootin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollars_Trilogy	Dollars Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bogosian	Eric Bogosian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_a_Blue_Dress_(film)	Devil in a Blue Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezz	Tezz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasarela_(Daddy_Yankee_song)	Pasarela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/36_China_Town	36 China Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Leslie	Joan Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(1931_film)	Iron Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Gold_(album)	Palace of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37079
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perazhagan	Perazhagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Buttons	Between the Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Schemin'	Stay Schemin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Them_All_and_Come_Back_Alone	Kill Them All and Come Back Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_of_Shows	The Show of Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Deol	Sunny Deol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_in_Black	Portrait in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_Records	Epitaph Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_and_the_Opera	Passion and the Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_and_bass	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Show	Supreme Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Money	Arab Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Tu_Mamá_También	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conglomerate_(record_label)	Conglomerate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Peters	Jon Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojangles_(song)	Bojangles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rogers	Peter Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gigolo	American Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Silence	The Angry Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(1997_American_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Miss_Glory_(1935_film)	Page Miss Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Angels	Paper Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_English_Girls	Two English Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Williams_(musician)	Joseph Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Awfully_Big_Adventure	An Awfully Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q33935
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Stick	Magic Stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Young	Loretta Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Orleans	Royal Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Started_from_the_Bottom	Started from the Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Fried	Gerald Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasneham	Sasneham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Trejo	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223830
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dope_Show	The Dope Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Stern_(cinematographer)	Tom Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(1943_film)	Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Khaled	DJ Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(film)	Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Uys	Jamie Uys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Buck	Uncle Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lusty_Men	The Lusty Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_O'Brian	Hugh O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1927_film)	Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn:_The_Untold_Story	Marilyn: The Untold Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Rider:_Spirit_of_Vengeance	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41854
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invictus_(film)	Invictus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Beanstalk:_The_Real_Story	Jack and the Beanstalk: The Real Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranavalona_II	Ranavalona II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_Golino	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230710
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Ami_(2012_film)	Bel Ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_(2005_film)	Last Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Pryce	Jonathan Pryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Last_Night%3F	Remember Last Night?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_te_donne_(song)	Je te donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Queen	Ivy Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpool_(1996_film)	Carpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_with_a_View_(1985_film)	A Room with a View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Austin	Albert Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_Mrs._Cheyney_(1937_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201713
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_or_Flight_(Star_Trek:_Enterprise)	Fight or Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisco_Jenny	Frisco Jenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Claus	Fred Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exogenesis_(Babylon_5)	Exogenesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Lau	Andy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who'll_Stop_the_Rain_(song)	Who'll Stop the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Ha	Frances Ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presenting_Lily_Mars	Presenting Lily Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyadarshan	Priyadarshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laraine_Day	Laraine Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Blood_off_My_Hands	Kiss the Blood off My Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striking_Distance	Striking Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Soprano	Tony Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dreams	Field of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowlands_(1993_film)	Shadowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds_(2005_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202028
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Max_(1957_film)	Count Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Travolta	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q80938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cry_in_the_Night_(film)	A Cry in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_My_Bitch	I Love My Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Carter	Coach Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedy/Marshall_Company	The Kennedy/Marshall Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Neftekhimik_Nizhnekamsk	HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Koreshkov_(ice_hockey)	Alexander Koreshkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_(film)	Kansas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_on_Fire	Heaven's on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missy_Elliott	Missy Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agni_Varsha	Agni Varsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imaginarium_of_Doctor_Parnassus	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Marley_(musician)	Stephen Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoj_Kumar	Manoj Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Antebellum	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q389870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Queen_(1955_film)	The Virgin Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lyons_Collister	Peter Lyons Collister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._M._Walker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3124683
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman	Ivan Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacation_(2015_film)	Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_State_of_Trance_2011	A State of Trance 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/¡Ay_Carmela!	¡Ay Carmela!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossanova	Bossanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Factor_(1979_film)	The Human Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carasso	Monte Carasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majel_Barrett	Majel Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_the_Twain_Shall_Meet_(1931_film)	Never the Twain Shall Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wright	Joe Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_(Michael_Jackson_song)	Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Stromberg	Hunt Stromberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(1941_film)	Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Ending	Hollywood Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brooks	Richard Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrills_in_the_Night	Thrills in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan	The Pagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Eastwick_(film)	The Witches of Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Mansell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q297232
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_More_Can_I_Give	What More Can I Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Musume	Morning Musume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakti_(1982_film)	Shakti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Hashimoto	Shinji Hashimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goats_Head_Soup	Goats Head Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_(song)	Fifteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Robinson	Amy Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Dues	San Francisco Dues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley_(album)	Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscured_by_Clouds	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210140
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Walker_(cinematographer)	Joseph Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumtaz_(actress)	Mumtaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192023
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_with_Bret_Michaels_(season_2)	Rock of Love with Bret Michaels (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_You_Won't	You Will You Won't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyoti_Prasad_Agarwala	Jyoti Prasad Agarwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockdown_(Lost)	Lockdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parinda	Parinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Machaaye_Shor	Chor Machaaye Shor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Fiil	Gudrun Fiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(TV_series)	The Virginian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Decade	Kamen Rider Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_J._O'Connor_(actor)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q721195
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(1943_film)	Edge of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1999_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202508
http://dbpedia.org/resource/47_Ronin_(2013_film)	47 Ronin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_McConaughey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamla_Pagla_Deewana	Yamla Pagla Deewana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Mellon_University	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190080
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho_the_Wagons!	Westward Ho, the Wagons!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_(film)	Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q23436
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Mile_(film)	8 Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scene_of_the_Crime_(1986_film)	Scene of the Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corky_Romano	Corky Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirch	Mirch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Stothart	Herbert Stothart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_America	South America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Tjärnqvist	Daniel Tjärnqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandi_magazzini	Grandi magazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aviator_(2004_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201924
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia	Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histoire(s)_du_cinéma	Histoire(s) du cinéma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behold_My_Wife!_(1934_film)	Behold My Wife!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Fury	The Secret Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Scarlet_vs._the_Mysterons	Captain Scarlet vs the Mysterons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingsroad	The Kingsroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Seed_(film)	Dragon Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Do_It_(Around_My_Way)	How We Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_of_Hearts	The Four of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Man_in_Charge	The New Man in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers_(1998_film)	The Avengers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_thru_the_Rockies	Rockin' thru the Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Glazer	Benjamin Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lozin'_Must	Lozin' Must
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Land	The Big Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman's_Intermission	Gentleman's Intermission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers_in_Goldmember	Austin Powers in Goldmember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Return	Kids Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_His_Arms	The World in His Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VII:_The_Stone_of_Cold_Fire	The Land Before Time VII: The Stone of Cold Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sugarland_Express	The Sugarland Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilakalapudi_Seeta_Rama_Anjaneyulu	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5097575
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indramalati	Indramalati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalla_Thambi	Nalla Thambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Rock_(song)	Planet Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_Things	Dumb Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Princess_(1917_film)	The Little Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnotize_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._song)	Hypnotize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Gray_(Heroes)	Shades of Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya	Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Svitov	Alexander Svitov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Cape_Mystery	The Spanish Cape Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Airport_(film)	Central Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murattu_Kaalai_(2012_film)	Murattu Kaalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_James	Kevin James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Oddity	Space Oddity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexmission	Sexmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Again	Never Say Never Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Warrenton	Gilbert Warrenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manithan_(1987_film)	Manithan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsaking_All_Others	Forsaking All Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_House_(1933_film)	International House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereotypes_(song)	Stereotypes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best!_Morning_Musume_1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1317424
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield's_Car	Jayne Mansfield's Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Krauss	Werner Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_(Wonder_Girls_song)	Tell Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa_Time	Tulsa Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_for_Scandal	Fools for Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Jim	Diamond Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Gun_Bad_Boy	28 Gun Bad Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikram_(actor)	Vikram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violaine	Violaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_(2012_film)	Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ricketts	Tom Ricketts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weezer_(1994_album)	Weezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Menjou	Adolphe Menjou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Victory	Dark Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Brick_in_the_Wall	Another Brick in the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambasamudram_Ambani	Ambasamudram Ambani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Memories_of_You	Those Memories of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exogenesis:_Symphony	Exogenesis: Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Help_Us	Heaven Help Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Mike_XXL	Magic Mike XXL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Kilar	Wojciech Kilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_in_Slavery	Happiness in Slavery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_(2013_Tamil_film)	David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Lunch_(film)	Naked Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York,_I_Love_You	New York, I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corn_Is_Green_(1945_film)	The Corn Is Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Troll_in_Central_Park	A Troll in Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Bengal_Lancer_(film)	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lopez	George Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_'Em_Jail	Hold 'Em Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Carbonara	La Carbonara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Them_Bodies_Saints	Ain't Them Bodies Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Down_(Arashi_song)	Face Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Wright	Teresa Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_to_Church	Go to Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Lloyd_(film_editor)	Russell Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahid_Kapoor	Shahid Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_(deadmau5_and_Kaskade_song)	I Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_D._Lyon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1441455
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Gallone	Carmine Gallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Endgame	Operation: Endgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1976_film)	A Star Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Cundey	Dean Cundey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thillu_Mullu_(1981_film)	Thillu Mullu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Helmet	The Shattered Helmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chō_Wonderful!_6	Chō Wonderful! 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_and_One_Nights_(1945_film)	A Thousand and One Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_in_Where's_My_Mummy%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2121040
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(1983_film)	Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Day_Lover	L'Amant de cinq jours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_language	Danish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murattu_Kaalai_(1980_film)	Murattu Kaalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_It's_Over	If It's Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mississippi	Ghosts of Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detective_(1968_film)	The Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_of_Us_(1967_film)	The Two of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Says_Don't_(season_two_episode)	Everybody Says Don't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_signor_Max	Il signor Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_Have_Not_(film)	To Have and Have Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchenjungha_(film)	Kanchanjangha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Lane	Priscilla Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty_and_Nobility	Poverty and Nobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_River_(film)	Lost River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Baron	Meet the Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Newman	Lionel Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_New_Year_(2014_film)	Happy New Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1971_film)	Kidnapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Pi_(film)	Life of Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northridge,_Los_Angeles	Northridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1982_film)	The Haunted House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_&_Stupid	Beauty & Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Found_It	We Found It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Sherman	Vincent Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_(song)	Uptown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Private_Life	Her Private Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(2003_film)	Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_on_a_Friend	Waiting on a Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(Akon_song)	Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti_(album)	Yeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Tyulyapkin	Mikhail Tyulyapkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uninvited_(1944_film)	The Uninvited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(Japanese_band)	Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro_house	electro house
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_Cookie	The Fortune Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_All_Over_the_World	Jumping All Over the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Berry	Chuck Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhishek_Bachchan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187058
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Noiret	Philippe Noiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Shields	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Money_Entertainment	Young Money Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limits_(2_Unlimited_album)	No Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Twist_of_Fate	A Simple Twist of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climax	The Climax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_on_the_Run	Woman on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_She_Wants_Is	All She Wants Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinefarm_Records	Spinefarm Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_(Flow_song)	Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield's_Halloween_Adventure	Garfield's Halloween Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Carter_(2000_film)	Get Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We,_the_Women	We, the Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Ho/Good_Bye	Hi-Ho/Good Bye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approximately_Infinite_Universe	Approximately Infinite Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Innocents	The Savage Innocents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trader_Horn_(1931_film)	Trader Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hoffmann	Carl Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou	Thea von Harbou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Sumner	Bernard Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Margelov	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q677432
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avangard_Omsk	Avangard Omsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_More_(Faithless_song)	I Want More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backdraft_(film)	Backdraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly-by-Night_(film)	Fly-by-Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Bombay	Love in Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutthroat_Island	Cutthroat Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Pictures	New World Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Brasco_(film)	Donnie Brasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Method_(Star_Trek:_Voyager)	Scientific Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhi_Chawla	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q158745
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Valiant_(1954_film)	Prince Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(2010_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q326114
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_and_Weep	Rhythm and Weep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenebrae_(film)	Tenebrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Mine	Forever Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolfman_(2010_film)	The Wolfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetro	Tetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neri_Parenti	Neri Parenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Path	A Dangerous Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_God_(song)	Playing God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Toll	John Toll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Appleton	Victor Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Sandworm	Chuck Versus the Sandworm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_Attack_(song)	Massive Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade	Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Arthur_(film_producer)	Robert Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_by_Five_(Angel)	Five by Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_at_Saint_Helena	Napoleon at Saint Helena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Waxman	Harry Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisley_Park_(song)	Paisley Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Hell	The Mayor of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_When_the_Sky_Was_Opened	And When the Sky Was Opened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_(film)	Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sashadhar_Mukherjee	Sashadhar Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda_3	Kung Fu Panda 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q462418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_Killed_Me	You Have Killed Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Chinese_Junk	The Mystery of the Chinese Junk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Sonego	Rodolfo Sonego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched_(2005_film)	Bewitched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One	Entertainment One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Sexes_(1928_film)	The Battle of the Sexes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Screaming!	Carry On Screaming!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview_Terrace	Lakeview Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfather_(1991_film)	Godfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushi_(2000_film)	Kushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41148
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giżycko_County	Giżycko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Farley	Chris Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Centurions	The New Centurions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Last_Crusade	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185658
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Knows_I'm_Missing_Him_Now	Heaven Knows I'm Missing Him Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Serafin	Enzo Serafin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q104994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Something..._Unakkum_Enakkum	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3411563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_Milo's_Return	Atlantis: Milo's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Picasso	Surviving Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Brother's_Wife	His Brother's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Russell	Wyatt Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_Beam/Kasuka_na_Kaori	Laser Beam/Kasuka na Kaori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Luke	Derek Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_(film)	Dennis the Menace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathyar_(1989_film)	Hathyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)	John Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_(1998_film)	Wide Awake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.I.M.P.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1590251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Ray	Aldo Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Conspiracy	Shadow Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Tomorrow_3	A Better Tomorrow 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxes_(film)	Boxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Thrashers	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244039
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_of_My_Life_(An_Ode_to_Hip-Hop)	Love of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Sri_Prasad	Devi Sri Prasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q269331
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Before_You_Came	The Day Before You Came
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_MacLane	Angus MacLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2014_film)	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks:_Chipwrecked	Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_It_in_a_Love_Song	Put It in a Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(1979_film)	The Visitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cook	The Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Gay_Hamilton	Lisa Gay Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MU330_(album)	MU330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View_from_the_Top	View from the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(2000_film)	Shaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Marshal_(actor)	Alan Marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghilli	Ghilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Stayed_at_Home	The Girl Who Stayed at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan	Amitabh Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Badelt	Klaus Badelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Girl_(Koi_no_Victory)	Go Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_(film)	Invitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_(The_Kentucky_Headhunters_album)	Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Tiger's_Back	A cavallo della tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxicity_(song)	Toxicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Life	For Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Bacharach	Burt Bacharach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Seaton	George Seaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Soul	De La Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_(Bright_album)	Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arya_Stark	Arya Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culo_(song)	Culo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blume_in_Love	Blume in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Crime	Once Upon a Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Dance_Floor_(song)	Blood on the Dance Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyuden_Sentai_Kyoryuger	Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Goblin_(film)	The Princess and the Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_Club	Join the Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Butler_(cinematographer)	Bill Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(film)	For Whom the Bell Tolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Avery_Jessup	The Return of Avery Jessup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hnat_Domenichelli	Hnat Domenichelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C.	Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choudenshi_Bioman	Choudenshi Bioman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Savant	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204303
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Farrelly	Bobby Farrelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_(2_Unlimited_song)	No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Friedman_(filmmaker)	Jeffrey Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hameshaa	Hameshaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Barrier_(film)	The Great Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Hirsch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244678
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q56094
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134233
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimiru	Thimiru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1930_film)	Kismet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunn_(actor)	James Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Kring	Tim Kring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Mia_(30_Rock)	Mamma Mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shootout_at_Wadala	Shootout at Wadala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Her_Savage	Call Her Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(1955_film)	Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1937	Gold Diggers of 1937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Clarke	Stanley Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Ziyi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180852
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(1990_film)	The Rookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Pressure_(1935_film)	Under Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_(band)	Prince and the Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Hands_(film)	Pushing Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolfe_Kent	Rolfe Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaali_Bhagyam	Thaali Bhagyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athaiya_Mamiya	Athaiya Mamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hunter_Black_Heart	White Hunter Black Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Son_(film)	The Good Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Africa_(song)	Mama Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_World_2	Wayne's World 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sameera_Reddy	Sameera Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renzo_Arbore	Renzo Arbore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_the_Ghoul_School	Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bark_at_the_Moon_(song)	Bark at the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan	Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hockey_League	National Hockey League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Donner	Richard Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranus_(film)	Uranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_World_(album)	It's a Wonderful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def_Jam_Recordings	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q654283
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konvict_Muzik	Konvict Muzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_in_the_Night	Angel in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Rodriguez_(actor)	Freddy Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_Among_the_Fire_Fighters	Tom Swift Among the Fire Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Escapes	Tarzan Escapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_a_Star_(film)	Make Me a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Quinto	Zachary Quinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_DiCamillo	Brandon DiCamillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_In	Dig In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Rider	Easy Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Knew_Her_Well	Io la conoscevo bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_David_Frank	Jason David Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_V._Skall	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2580846
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Have_Your_Babies	I Wanna Have Your Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnage_(2011_film)	Carnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Nasty_(song)	That's Nasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Shop_of_Horrors_(film)	Little Shop of Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Reed	Carol Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Mere_Sapne_(1996_film)	Tere Mere Sapne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Bad_Things	Very Bad Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Creek_Records	Saddle Creek Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(2009_film)	Avatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Saint	Follow the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Flick	Dance Flick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo_Joe	Eskimo Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Fingers	5 Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_My_Guitar_Gently_Weeps	While My Guitar Gently Weeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Monkeys	12 Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_III	Back to the Future Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Guillermin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q137489
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_Beware	Husbands Beware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Reunion	American Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Williams_(director)	Stephen Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aly_&_AJ	78violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q151599
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contagion_(film)	Contagion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Rich_or_Die_Tryin'_(film)	Get Rich or Die Tryin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_(composer)	Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_O'Clock_Courage	Two O'Clock Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37836
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Corman	Gene Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rags_to_Rufus	Rags to Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Kalinin	Dmitri Kalinin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Boarder_(1914_film)	The Star Boarder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lose_a_Guy_in_10_Days	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_(2016_film)	Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balloons_(song)	Balloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(1965_film)	Masquerade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Returns	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q328695
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziegfeld_Follies_(film)	Ziegfeld Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia	Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombrero_(film)	Sombrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BURN-E	BURN-E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Owen	Reginald Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum	Roger Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_10	Mack 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_II	Infernal Affairs II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brown	James Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Black_(song)	Back in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_a_Giant_Shadow	Cast a Giant Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189505
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gangster_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Sweeney	Mary Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_(Jonas_Brothers_song)	Paranoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbo_(Daddy_Yankee_song)	Limbo (Daddy Yankee song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrow_Margin	Narrow Margin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revathi	Revathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonali_Bendre	Sonali Bendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitress_(film)	Waitress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Walked_by_Night	He Walked by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belles_of_St_Trinian's	The Belles of St Trinian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changed_(song)	Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kamen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156300
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Boulevard	London Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriq_La_Salle	Eriq La Salle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishq_(1997_film)	Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Litvinenko	Alexei Litvinenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Pine	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q23466
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_G-Code	Tha G-Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facets_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Facets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Raimi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q275402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lelouch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295093
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instinct_(film)	Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Gerardi	Roberto Gerardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bay	Michael Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Thompson_(film)	Sadie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Entertainment	Summit Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_for_Fire	Dig for Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Macy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q224159
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Heights_(film)	Pacific Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Utopia	Road to Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(1998_film)	Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Drink_the_Water_(1994_film)	Don't Drink the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare	Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Detail	The Last Detail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Good%3F	All Good?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javed_Jaffrey	Javed Jaffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Balcony	The Man on the Balcony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepping_Stone	The Stepping Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Is_Coming	Winter Is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Jagger	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128121
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Sarnoff	Elizabeth Sarnoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_(1933_film)	Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raadhika_Sarathkumar	Raadhika Sarathkumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Admirer_(song)	Secret Admirer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Emmerich	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q60100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Money_Is	Where the Money Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.P./Merry_Christmas	R.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Desire	Fear and Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Statement_(film)	The Strawberry Statement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_and_Tom	Jerry and Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pups_Is_Pups	Pups Is Pups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Manson_(band)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485893
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expendables_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_(Shontelle_song)	Battle Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Ugliest_Part_of_Your_Body%3F	What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sun_(film)	Island in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobha_Kapoor	Shobha Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209170
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Baez	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131725
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Howard_Greene	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q504191
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckless_Moment	The Reckless Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schrier	Paul Schrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baazigar	Baazigar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathletics_(Foals_song)	Mathletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_X	Charlie X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancholia_(2011_film)	Melancholia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_B._Gerstad	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3306609
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_J._Eagle	David J. Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Love_You	We Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Seredy	Kate Seredy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_in_the_Face	Blue in the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Hustler	Soul Hustler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_(Mike_Oldfield_album)	Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Youth	Along Came Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Alley	Blood Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Truco	El Truco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Train_(Asian_Kung-Fu_Generation_song)	Blue Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Venus!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5749451
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninpuu_Sentai_Hurricaneger	Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_Murray	Lyn Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49th_Parallel_(film)	49th Parallel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Lennox	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q151231
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Neo	Jack Neo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serj_Tankian	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q486063
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious_(2001_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q155476
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_Sam	Yosemite Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coogan's_Bluff_(film)	Coogan's Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Kuznetsov_(general)	Vasily Kuznetsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1923_film)	The Ten Commandments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Fornaretto_di_Venezia	Il Fornaretto di Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biffy_Clyro	Biffy Clyro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_of_San_Juan	The Rose of San Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Soleil_(The_Killing)	Beau Soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Mind_(Prince_song)	Dirty Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Anger	Day of Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedabrata_Pain	Bedabrata Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Keighley	William Keighley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Capshaw	Kate Capshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukumari	Sukumari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Geronimi	Clyde Geronimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Arnold_(actor)	Edward Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ansara	Michael Ansara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Swift	Taylor Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(film)	Ship of Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Broadcasting_Company	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q169889
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Mountains_(song)	Moving Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_My_B.S.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q525847
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubleday_(publisher)	Doubleday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_Night	Date Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(2008_film)	Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Adventure_3D	Dinosaur Adventure 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloë_Sevigny	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q235870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Naujawan	Hum Naujawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1943_film)	Jane Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_White_(1934_film)	Men in White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Out_West_(1937_film)	Way Out West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Don't_Matter_2_Night	Money Don't Matter 2 Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Be_Startin'_Somethin'	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q637873
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Chatterton	Ruth Chatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrament_of_Wilderness	Sacrament of Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookin'_Out_My_Back_Door	Lookin' Out My Back Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Roth	Joe Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Huston	Walter Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cukor	George Cukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleanin'_Out_My_Closet	Cleanin' Out My Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfuckers,_Inc.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q788587
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lombard	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207739
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Girl_(film)	Factory Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_You_Went_Away	Since You Went Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_W._Dixon	Franklin W. Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Paymer	David Paymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Madness	A Fine Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Friends_Part_2	All My Friends Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_of_the_Plague	Gods of the Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoel_de_Oliveira	Manoel de Oliveira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_B._Wallis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q472520
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_(Crosby,_Stills,_Nash_&_Young_song)	Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Girls	Carry On Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Take_It_with_You_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q637835
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jarman	Derek Jarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Rogers	Mimi Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_to_You	Turn to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Prince_in_Old_Heidelberg	The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover_Part_III	The Hangover Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayan_(film)	Ayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Days_(song)	Golden Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Honey	Just Like Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vaughn	Robert Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough	Richard Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Crossroad_in_the_Ancient_Capital	Detective Conan: Crossroad in the Ancient Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Sheekman	Arthur Sheekman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock-a-Doodle	Rock-a-Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govind_Nihalani	Govind Nihalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Baby	Bringing Up Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Violin_(film)	The Voice of the Violin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Lee_Bass	Nancy Lee Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tuttle	Frank Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Demons_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192934
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Lange	Hope Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair	Mira Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Arts_Productions	Seven Arts Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colbert	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Mukherjee	Joy Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep_(1978_film)	The Big Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Grass_(film)	The Sea of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avex_Group	Avex Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swapna_Sundari_(film)	Swapna Sundari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golmaal_Returns	Golmaal Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Their_Lives	The Time of Their Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Twirps	Three Little Twirps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._R._Rahman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108560
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_View_to_a_Kill_(song)	A View to a Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_of_Love	The Tunnel of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anupam_Kher	Anupam Kher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_Goddard	Paulette Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Pursuit	The Saint in Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marillion	Marillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_3D	Piranha 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Smith_(actor)	Hal Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Ice_(1937_film)	Thin Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Moves	Inside Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Rivette	Jacques Rivette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezaab	Tezaab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Freund	Karl Freund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Fraticelli	Franco Fraticelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anima_(Nightmare_album)	anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Mirror_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Shattered Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curd_Jürgens	Curd Jürgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severed_Dreams	Severed Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_Fly_(song)	Sparks Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Face_(film)	The Naked Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat_(1997_film)	That Darn Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Rogen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220308
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_the_Alien_Invaders	Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Badalamenti	Angelo Badalamenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(1990_film)	Where the Heart Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman	Roger Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mase	Mase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_Worries	Bedtime Worries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Carey,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1397312
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boman_Irani	Boman Irani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_(Sevendust_song)	Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhounds_of_Broadway_(1952_film)	Bloodhounds of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born-N-Raised	Born-N-Raised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokey_Wolf	Hokey Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_G._Castellari	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q966270
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_Sheila	The Last of Sheila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Carey_(actor)	Harry Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina	Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawiercie_County	Zawiercie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10's_Collection_March	10's Collection March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_NIMH	The Secret of NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_(song)	Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Smith_(cartoonist)	Jeff Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Bayou	Eve's Bayou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_(franchise)	Beverly Hills Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Bottle	The Man in the Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Menges	Chris Menges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Gallo	Vincent Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_at_the_Gates	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q271006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Dr._Moreau_(1977_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1091041
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_(Bagley_novel)	The Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How's_It_Going%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2759092
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_with_Me_(Kumi_Koda_song)	Come with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Dana_Dan	De Dana Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Burgess_(cinematographer)	Don Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Fleming	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q62503
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(1949_film)	Easy Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Tertyshny	Alexei Tertyshny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojan_Odyssey	Trojan Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_in_the_Frontier	Shot in the Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Saldana	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190162
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_House_(2001_film)	The Glass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Risi	Dino Risi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prairie_Home_Companion_(film)	A Prairie Home Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Grebeshkov	Denis Grebeshkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_No_Go	Say No Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bendix	William Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_3	Scream 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Stars_Go_Places	Lucky Stars Go Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon	Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Brothers_Were_Valiant	All the Brothers Were Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Hurricanes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nicky	Little Nicky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibouti_(city)	Djibouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harikrishnans	Harikrishnans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle	Carl Laemmle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Knows_(Mr._Children_song)	Tomorrow Never Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Legs_(1932_film)	Million Dollar Legs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men's_Club	The Men's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_I_Had_an_Angel	Wish I Had an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Zone:_The_Movie	Twilight Zone: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Never_Heil_Again	I'll Never Heil Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Carolina	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q38453
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Manhattan	Tales of Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Strange_Engine	This Strange Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraphim_Falls	Seraphim Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1972_film)	The Pied Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammed_Zafar_Iqbal	Muhammed Zafar Iqbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Vaughan	Peter Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unholy_Partners	Unholy Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renée_Taylor	Renée Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipped_(film)	Flipped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Alicia_Keys_song)	Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Made_It_(Cash_Money_Heroes)	I Made It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_of_Neglect	A Night of Neglect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Cuse	Carlton Cuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Samurai_Sword	Mystery of the Samurai Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karm_Yudh_(1985_film)	Karm Yudh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Fourteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Don't_Live_Here_(Lady_Antebellum_song)	Love Don't Live Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Drugov	Viktor Drugov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_It_(Michael_Jackson_song)	Who Is It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Van_Enger	Charles Van Enger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasse_(song)	Chasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_(1961_film)	The Parent Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188713
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Spencer	Bud Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Pickford	Mary Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy_II:_The_Golden_Army	Hellboy II: The Golden Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnett_Guffey	Burnett Guffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Glennon	Bert Glennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_(film)	Burnt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Tyler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194045
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposed_(1983_film)	Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hovi_Baby	Hovi Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Posner	Mike Posner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Forster	Robert Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_of_Darkness	Guns of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_Are_Forever_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q107914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compleat_Beatles	The Compleat Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Palace_(film)	White Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_House_(1930_film)	The Big House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morley	Robert Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_to_Damascus	Party to Damascus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saps_at_Sea	Saps at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Webb	Roy Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kiss_(album)	The Last Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Margret	Ann-Margret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudioCanal	StudioCanal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'udienza	L'udienza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futures_Past	Futures Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Berg	Peter Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X2_(film)	X2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Ellis	Patricia Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204212
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reemma_Sen	Reemma Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Connecticut_Yankee_in_King_Arthur's_Court_(1949_film)	A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Caution	Captain Caution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranbir_Kapoor	Ranbir Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Commander_(film)	Wing Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_Wurk_(One_Cheek_at_a_Time)	Booty Wurk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Raiders_(film)	Marine Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyay_Ti_Oo	Pyay Ti Oo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Apatow	Judd Apatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchéky_Karyo	Tchéky Karyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Karim	Rashid Karim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spillane_(album)	Spillane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Beeson	Paul Beeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Busy_Day	Mabel's Busy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Thunder	Days of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_Graffiti	Physical Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_on_Earth	Night on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Parker	Eleanor Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_Package_(film)	Surprise Package
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gilks	Alfred Gilks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matzingen	Matzingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_Shiver_Me_Whiskers	Tom and Jerry: Shiver Me Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Harvest_(film)	Random Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weezer_(2008_album)	Weezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_for_Rent_(song)	Life for Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Your_Heart_Ain't_Busy_Tonight	If Your Heart Ain't Busy Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namida_no_Regret	Namida no Regret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Time_(Fabolous_song)	My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimen_(film)	Crimen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster's_Millions_(1985_film)	Brewster's Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q274167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Korolev	Igor Korolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Avalon	Frankie Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Romance	Murphy's Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_the_Moonlight	Magic in the Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinseiki_no_Love_Song	Shinseiki no Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Eighteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_(1955_film)	The Prisoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_of_Nerve	Gentlemen of Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Night_(film)	This Is the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Guitar_(Can't_Keep_from_Crying)	This Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aishwarya_(actress)	Aishwarya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtains_for_Three	Curtains for Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Marshall	We Are Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_Lehtonen	Kari Lehtonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Records	ABC Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q171905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silsila_(film)	Silsila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Film	Mutual Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/316_(Lost)	316
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Sokolov	Konstantin Sokolov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Mailer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Thing_Will_Be_Fine	Every Thing Will Be Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajama_Party_(film)	Pajama Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terms_of_Endearment	Terms of Endearment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey_(1944_film)	The Bridge of San Luis Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Young_(ice_hockey,_born_1967)	Scott Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_(film)	Nikita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGruber_(film)	MacGruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bee_(film)	Queen Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shootist	The Shootist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Shrinking_Woman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q549031
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Madigan	Amy Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1958_film)	Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_Is_Waiting	A Child Is Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_alla_riscossa	Fantozzi alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St_Denis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184407
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countersex	Controsesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Tom	Lauren Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidim_te_kad	Vidim te kad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Tailor_Soldier_Spy_(film)	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Wiggs_of_the_Cabbage_Patch_(1934_film)	Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(X_Japan_song)	Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gang_Follies_of_1938	Our Gang Follies of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relativity_Records	Relativity Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College	Dartmouth College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Met_You_in_Naples	I Met You in Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XII:_The_Great_Day_of_the_Flyers	The Land Before Time XII: The Great Day of the Flyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Pistol	The Girl with the Pistol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conqueror_(film)	The Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_(2003_film)	Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duncan_McNeill	Robert Duncan McNeill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Ford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q81328
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Eyes_(song)	Innocent Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(2013_film)	Epic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Things_in_Life_Are_Free_(film)	The Best Things in Life Are Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss_(Chris_Brown_song)	Kiss Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_J._Mockridge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q328857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darklands_(album)	Darklands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_García	Andy García
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shontelle	Shontelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_in_Cars_with_Boys	Riding in Cars with Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133654
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_(franchise)	Back to the Future trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_Takes_a_Flyer	The Wife Takes a Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Between	The Man Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Just_Wanna_Party_with_You	We Just Wanna Party with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_(film)	Thunderbirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_(Pink_song)	True Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Forbes	Michelle Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superchunk	Superchunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Hour_(film)	The Children's Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancer_Upstairs_(film)	The Dancer Upstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Song_(Gackt_song)	Last Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowfinger	Bowfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animals	The Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maayi	Maayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliyil_Alpam_Karyam	Kaliyil Alpam Karyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chafurin	Chafurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice,_the_Moon_and_You	Venezia, la luna e tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Abel	Alfred Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_(people)	model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilukkam	Kilukkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1921_film)	The Three Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Goldfoot_and_the_Girl_Bombs	Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Justice_(1984_film)	Final Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Rock_(2010_film)	Brighton Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge	Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Coolidge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230278
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_26	Building 26
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Kalyuzhny	Alexei Kalyuzhny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Korda	Alexander Korda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(film)	Rules of Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Downey_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q165219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Weisz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exercise_of_Vital_Powers	The Exercise of Vital Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Italia_s'è_rotta	L'Italia s'\u00e8 rotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rab_Ne_Bana_Di_Jodi	Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(1953_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270470
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_House	Country House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Saw_Archie	The Last Time I Saw Archie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_the_Disease	Shake the Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ami_Suzuki	Ami Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lose_Yourself	Lose Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Jeezy	Young Jeezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_on_the_Lady_Anne	Passage on the Lady Anne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1973_animated_film)	The Three Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man_(film)	The Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gramercy_Pictures	Gramercy Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_There_(The_Jackson_5_song)	I'll Be There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_Girl	Whiskey Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Stinks	Life Stinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick/Ichiban_Boshi	Lipstick/Ichiban Boshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_Likes_Them_Hot	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3714517
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDD_(song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2564582
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama	Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersonic_(Oasis_song)	Supersonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saathiya_(film)	Saathiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agustín_Almodóvar	Agustín Almodóvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon_2	How to Train Your Dragon 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptation_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q352431
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Blank	Grosse Pointe Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifes_Rich_Pageant	Lifes Rich Pageant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar	Myanmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interiors	Interiors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Traumerei	The Call of the Traumerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Raid	The Great Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Łódź_Voivodeship	Łódź Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_the_Bells	The Miracle of the Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fool	Henry Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_the_Man	Trust the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Jack	Carry On Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Krishna_Pandaveeyam	Shri Krishna Pandaviyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_Valley_AVA	Sonoma Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Watkin_(cinematographer)	David Watkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Heindorf	Ray Heindorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andha_Kanoon	Andha Kanoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_language	Armenian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakheart_Pass_(novel)	Breakheart Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Martinez	Cliff Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Powell_(film_composer)	John Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_Soucie	Kath Soucie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reykjavík	Reykjavik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Best_Families	In the Best Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_(Sam_Cooke_song)	Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_West	Man of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Older_Than_You	Older Than You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Andrews	Harry Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Impostor	The Great Impostor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur:_A_Tale_of_the_Christ_(1925_film)	Ben-Hur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Shirley_(actress)	Anne Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City	Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_O'Neal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q272923
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Happy_Feeling	This Happy Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Evil_Eyes	Two Evil Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magliari	The Magliari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wicked_This_Way_Comes_(film)	Something Wicked This Way Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ueli_Steiger	Ueli Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Cent	50 Cent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlest_Things	Littlest Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VI:_The_Secret_of_Saurus_Rock	The Land Before Time VI: The Secret of Saurus Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamón_Jamón	Jamón Jamón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bettany	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q242707
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddat_(1986_film)	Muddat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Escape_(1994_film)	No Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tishbite_(song)	Tishbite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_City_(1953_film)	Love in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_(1977_film)	Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_in_Space	Power Rangers in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Recordings	Wichita Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Washington	Isaiah Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Moore_(screenwriter)	Scott Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Mosier	Scott Mosier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Funny_That_Way	She's Funny That Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakermaker	Shakermaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Boxed_Set_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q966033
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvananthapuram	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q167715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrfan_Khan	Irrfan Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_to_Marseille	Passage to Marseille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_11:00	Rome 11:00
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Flies_on_Grey_Velvet	Four Flies on Grey Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season's_Greetings_(film)	Season's Greetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side/West_Side	East Side/West Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fracassa's_Journey	Captain Fracassa's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_on_a_Choo_Choo	Cuckoo on a Choo Choo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rack_(film)	The Rack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Dance_(song)	Last Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Hamilton_Woman	That Hamilton Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Race_(film)	Rat Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apradh	Apradh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_dance_music	electronic dance music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_(band)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185144
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chosen_One_(2010_film)	The Chosen One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsara_(2011_film)	Samsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako_Iwamatsu	Mako Iwamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lewin	Albert Lewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long,_Long_Trailer	The Long, Long Trailer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Kräly	Hanns Kräly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_Who_Killed_Me	I Know Who Killed Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_(film)	Lydia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(1932_film)	Scarface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didn't_You_Know_How_Much_I_Loved_You	Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Storm_Records	Desert Storm Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_World_(song)	Broken World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Jungle	The Naked Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Applegate	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Beatdown	Ultra Beatdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Wars	Cold Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Perkins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232047
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Pocket_(film)	God's Pocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jackson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4465
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Sarault	Yves Sarault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_(film)	The Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Lost_Love	His Lost Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_ni_Ita_Koto	Koko ni Ita Koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch	Ernst Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Doctors_(film)	The Young Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Dugan	Dennis Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker:_The_Man_and_His_Dream	Tucker: The Man and His Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Higgins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3181159
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hog_Wild_(1930_film)	Hog Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepavali_(2007_film)	Deepavali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi	Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zürich	Zürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchess_of_Idaho	Duchess of Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perm	Perm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Nights_Grand_Delusions	Berlin Nights Grand Delusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Flyer_(film)	Radio Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Shadow	Walking Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_at_Nuremberg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_God	The Left Hand of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_stanza_del_vescovo_(film)	La stanza del vescovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianism_Best_Ofs	Gianism Best Ofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Law_(1949_film)	In the Name of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Drug	The Perfect Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbreaker_(film)	Stormbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eagle_(1946_film)	Black Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Sergeant	Immortal Sergeant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithless	Faithless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Colbert	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212886
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language	Spanish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leukemia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q29496
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Bouffe	La Grande Bouffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow	Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_as_a_Stranger	Not as a Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan	John McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraser_(film)	Eraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_More	4 More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jezebel_(film)	Jezebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(Muse_song)	Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(film)	Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delroy_Lindo	Delroy Lindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogma_(film)	Dogma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_Stories_(film)	Bedtime Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC	BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Day_(1922_film)	Pay Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanie_MacPherson	Jeanie MacPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_A	Project A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodlum_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q959531
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Richards	Keith Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visit_of_Love	Visit of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Yesterday	The Road to Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pre-Fix_for_Death	The Pre-Fix for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_IV:_The_Quest_for_Peace	Superman IV: The Quest for Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condemnation_(song)	Condemnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Expendable	They Were Expendable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Time_(film)	In Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_All_That	She's All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_Date	Due Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Eileen_(1955_film)	My Sister Eileen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_and_Flowers	Evil & Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Big_Tunnel	Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Barbera	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190373
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Life's_Meant_to_Be	The Way Life's Meant to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Kamelot_album)	Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Welch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boleslawski	Richard Boleslawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Rufus	Ask Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini_Satyricon	Satyricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Ekberg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230662
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Peter_Sellers	The Life and Death of Peter Sellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Grisman	David Grisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Man_for_Himself_(1980_film)	Every Man for Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kīnaʻu	Kīnaʻu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affair_in_Trinidad	Affair in Trinidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_(The_Young_Ones)	Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pryor	Richard Pryor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re._(Aya_Ueto_album)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3421503
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_(1929_film)	Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenade_(1956_film)	Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rovers	Road Rovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico	Puerto Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Own_(Blur_song)	On Your Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Is_Dead_(Marilyn_Manson_song)	Rock Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Fricke	Ron Fricke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_World_Record	A New World Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Messenger_(2014_film)	Kill the Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrissey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_As_Infinity	Do As Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Jets	Mystery Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_on_Page_One_(film)	The Story on Page One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_Is_a_City	A Song Is a City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Davis	Joan Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can't_Stand_the_Heat_(song)	If You Can't Stand the Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(2004_film)	Taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loco_Boy_Makes_Good	Loco Boy Makes Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_British_Picture_Corporation	Associated British Picture Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Bondarev	Alexei Andrejewitsch Bondarew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Eagles_Dare	Where Eagles Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Twice_Upon_a_Christmas	Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonkers_(TV_series)	Bonkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage!_(1962_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1061109
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Trap	The Man Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chamberlain	Richard Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_13_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106428
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Are_Ringing_(film)	Bells Are Ringing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwritten_(song)	Unwritten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salouf	Salouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carny_(1980_film)	Carny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gabbo	The Great Gabbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Passes_(1909_film)	Pippa Passes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shifuku_no_Oto	Shifuku no Oto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhulipala_Seetarama_Sastry	Dhulipala Seetharama Sastry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Basketball	Love & Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Dukakis	Olympia Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy	Brad Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onna_ga_Medatte_Naze_Ikenai	Onna ga Medatte Naze Ikenai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_(song)	Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagan	Bagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(1930_film)	Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Dale	Alan Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Rat	Brother Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyjacked_(film)	Skyjacked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Hat	The New York Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Handkerchief_(2008_film)	The Yellow Handkerchief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_chiameremo_Andrea	Lo chiameremo Andrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona	Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary's_Baby_(film)	Rosemary's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Resort	Private Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Peterman	Donald Peterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_World_Lost_Its_Head	The Whole World Lost Its Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_the_Mighty	Hector the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Farnon	Robert Farnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_Them	Don't Let Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzwilly	Fitzwilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Krysanov	Anton Krysanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Alter	Tom Alter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Pascal	Gabriel Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naam_Iruvar_Namakku_Iruvar	Naam Iruvar Namakku Iruvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaadein_(2001_film)	Yaadein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Fire_(film)	Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Butler_(director)	David Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asshole_(album)	Asshole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaza_(1939_film)	Zaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_syndication	broadcast syndication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudagar_(1991_film)	Saudagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Magee_(actor)	Patrick Magee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictura:_An_Adventure_in_Art	Pictura: Adventure in Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_language	Italian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(2000_film)	Panic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_Records	Noise Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Master	The Good Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Elliott	Sam Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Feel_You	I Feel You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_(Sepultura_album)	Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Full_Score_of_Fear	Detective Conan: Full Score of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Star_(1943_film)	The North Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1963_film)	The Girl Who Knew Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Rome	Tony Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_Thieves	The Vanishing Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover_Part_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q274748
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musician	musician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un-Thinkable_(I'm_Ready)	Un-Thinkable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Colin	Margaret Colin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(1999_American_film)	Gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Swift_(director)	David Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Mastroianni	Ruggero Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coburn	Charles Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eazhaiyin_Sirippil	Eazhaiyin Sirippil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Frappé	Peppermint Frappé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Please!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q886782
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice	The Celebrity Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(The_Jesus_and_Mary_Chain_album)	Automatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Jungle_Fury	Power Rangers Jungle Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiletto_(2008_film)	Stiletto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_J._Wild	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1586588
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadal_(2013_film)	Kadal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Life	The Secret of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Me_Dejas_Ahora	Si Me Dejas Ahora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Little_Italy	In Little Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_(anthology)	Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Me_(The_Who_song)	The Real Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Feathers_(2002_film)	The Four Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Waters	Roger Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Operation_Overdrive	Power Rangers Operation Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_90210	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q117590
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Water	Lady in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibi_Andersson	Bibi Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Ahmanson	William H. Ahmanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Braugher	Andre Braugher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Disturbed_song)	The Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_(30_Rock)	Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Apart	World Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alla_mia_cara_mamma_nel_giorno_del_suo_compleanno	Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(The_Young_Ones)	Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Osipov	Aleksandr Osipov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communicator_(Star_Trek:_Enterprise)	The Communicator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_McLachlan	Sarah McLachlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Orange_Mystery	The Chinese Orange Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wendt	George Wendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sawmill	The Sawmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_(film)	Gateway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Garrett	Brad Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookoo_Cavaliers	Cookoo Cavaliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Regardless	Carry On Regardless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_to_Here	Nowhere to Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frain	James Frain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard_the_Pirate	Blackbeard the Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Hunt_(1941_film)	Man Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitai_Lonely_Christmas	Aitai Lonely Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_Glue	Earthquake Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Not_Stupid	I Not Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q152456
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang	Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Save_Her_Soul	To Save Her Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(1978_film)	The End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Clouseau_(film)	Inspector Clouseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_the_Dance_(film)	Invitation to the Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearing_Floor	The Disappearing Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reap_the_Wild_Wind	Reap the Wild Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Broadbent	Jim Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Friend_the_Bandit	Her Friend the Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Nathanson	Jeff Nathanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change_Inside_of_Me	The Change Inside of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_to_My_Girl	Message to My Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Light	Winter Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kentucky_Headhunters	The Kentucky Headhunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horses_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)	Wild Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellboy	The Bellboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Killers	The Karate Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suniel_Shetty	Sunil Shetty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_It_Against_Me	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q115800
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105031
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Villa!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1619412
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dougherty	Michael Dougherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Coixet	Isabel Coixet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Somerhalder	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q130447
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympiyan_Anthony_Adam	Olympiyan Anthony Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bilson	Bruce Bilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Shines_On	The Light Shines On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Marshal_(1939_film)	Frontier Marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_You_(Live_song)	All Over You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(1984_film)	Runaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Month_Off	One Month Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professori_Uuno_D.G._Turhapuro	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7248227
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penthouse_(film)	Penthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney's_Version_(film)	Barney's Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures	Tiny Toon Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_World_(1961_film)	Master of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow_Records	Broken Bow Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Woman!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q751235
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beulah_Bondi	Beulah Bondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_English	Project English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Is_a_Woman	Fortune Is a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Back!_A_Dinosaur's_Story_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1575362
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Magic_(song)	Blue Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassar	Nassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Desert_(film)	Queen of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturne_(film)	Nocturne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Dinosaur	The Good Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Mulligan	Carey Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naseeruddin_Shah	Naseeruddin Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Love_Songs	More Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Circle	The Marriage Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_fantasy	high fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammy_(1930_film)	Mammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Shalhoub	Tony Shalhoub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_and_Lovers_(film)	Wives and Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_with_a_Kiss_(film)	It Started with a Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(album)	All the King's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman:_Agent_47	Hitman: Agent 47
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graubünden	Graubünden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Bloom	Claire Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeinfeldVision	SeinfeldVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulogne-Billancourt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172455
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Virginia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213439
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Has_Come_(Mike_Oldfield_song)	The Time Has Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convict_13	Convict 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Foster_(director)	Norman Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Camillo:_Monsignor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q849301
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_of_Millie	The Mating of Millie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Warriors	Moon Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gould	Jay Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hall	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q706993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fess_Parker	Fess Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Dudarev	Dmitriy Dudarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_ga_Inai_Mirai	Kimi ga Inai Mirai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_des_Sources_(1986_film)	Manon des Sources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(film)	The Dead Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(Duran_Duran_song)	Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mirror_(song)	Black Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fed_Up_(DJ_Khaled_song)	Fed Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Boy_(Soyokaze_ni_Yorisotte)	Sexy Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gin_and_Juice	Gin and Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpedo_Nizhny_Novgorod	Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Favorite_Sport%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1185956
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Garnett	Michael Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_2	The Pink Panther 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Faulkner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q38392
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sheldon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105118
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga	Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Street_Games	New York Street Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_(state)	Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Italian_People	In nome del popolo italiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wenham	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296328
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rosenberg	Max Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Topper	Burt Topper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Bogarde	Dirk Bogarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becket_(1964_film)	Becket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Million_Dollar_Man	Sixty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Musketeers_(film)	The Four Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boccaccio_(1972_film)	Boccaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratchagan	Ratchagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kretschmann	Thomas Kretschmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Buff_IV	Conrad Buff IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magalir_Mattum	Magalir Mattum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_to_Drive_(film)	Learning to Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_(film)	Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Roth	Eli Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Mary	Cotton Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Whoa	Like Whoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridal_Path_(film)	The Bridal Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_Cristina_Barcelona	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212123
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Kind_of_Traitor_(film)	Our Kind of Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Mr._Jordan	Here Comes Mr. Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(London_Boys_song)	Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Alan_Towers	Harry Alan Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Volkov	Igor Volkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Hyer	Martha Hyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_si_ferma_è_perduto	Chi si ferma è perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_on_the_High_Seas	Romance on the High Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlejuice	Beetlejuice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas	Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_Bettie_Page	The Notorious Bettie Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Kill..._If_You_Live,_Shoot!	Django Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Metro	The Last Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposé_(Lost)	Exposé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naratheinkha	Naratheinkha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Bravo_(film)	Rio Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_Forever	Tomorrow Is Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hersholt	Jean Hersholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_XXI	Dante XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Bright_Sun	The High Bright Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Patrick	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q272977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutonium_Blonde	Plutonium Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Angels	Devil's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Outfield_(1994_film)	Angels in the Outfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Bunnies	Summer Bunnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Madonna	The Power of Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Taratukhin	Andrei Taratukhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Don't_Preach	Papa Don't Preach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Elvises	Red Elvises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Born	American Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Mabel	Hello, Mabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_the_Days	Count the Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elio_Petri	Elio Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghatak:_Lethal	Ghatak: Lethal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divya_Dutta	Divya Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Planet_Earth	Escape from Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Werner_Fassbinder	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44426
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumm_Dumm_Dumm	Dumm Dumm Dumm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teardrops_(George_Harrison_song)	Teardrops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Crosby	Floyd Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki/oon_Music	Ki/oon Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymooners_(film)	The Honeymooners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTV_Motion_Pictures	UTV Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium	Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flubber_(film)	Flubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Gone_to_Heaven	Monkey Gone to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Kate_(film)	Kiss Me Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina	North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_a_Nation	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220394
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_&_Shout	Scream & Shout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazhani_(2008_film)	Pazhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerplunk_(album)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188194
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Front_(World_War_II)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189266
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_You_Wit	Who You Wit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Blink_of_an_Eye_(song)	In the Blink of an Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Late_I_Think_of_Cliffordville	Of Late I Think of Cliffordville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outside_Man	The Outside Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Blier	Bernard Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahasyam_(1967_film)	Rahasyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Gets_Real	Garfield Gets Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_the_Entertainer	Cedric the Entertainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_Written_in_Water	Promises Written in Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Don_Camillo	The Return of Don Camillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Field	Todd Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Rose_(film)	Moss Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikram_(1986_Tamil_film)	Vikram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_Come_Home	Lassie Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_U_Seek_Amy	If U Seek Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Studios	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q168383
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Daylights	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q272064
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q167726
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Forrester	Finding Forrester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mute_Records	Mute Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_Trouble_(1944_film)	Nothing but Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q337090
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Crack'd	The Mirror Crack'd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Dickens	Kim Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened,_Happened	Whatever Happened, Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Bean	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191104
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy_(song)	Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon_Rising_(song)	Bad Moon Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_Year_Zero!	Panic in Year Zero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_McDowell	Malcolm McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man_of_Her_Own	No Man of Her Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Her,_She's_Mine	Take Her, She's Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Girls_Don't_Cry..._They_Get_Even	Big Girls Don't Cry... They Get Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Darkness:_A_Filmmaker's_Apocalypse	Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fueled_By_Ramen	Fueled By Ramen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Men	The Violent Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanclub_(album)	Fanclub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai	Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_3-D:_Game_Over	Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Gun_Mystery	The American Gun Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1946_film)	The Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kelly	Nancy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavana_(actress)	Bhavana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arlen	Richard Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Submarine_Caper	The Submarine Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Samurai	Power Rangers Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_(1993_film)	Calendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delbert_Mann	Delbert Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Benaroya	Michael Benaroya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Star_(Babylon_5)	Rising Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Crime_(1999_film)	True Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_(1998_American_film)	Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Job_(2003_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q648312
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lehrman	Henry Lehrman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass:_The_Movie	Jackass: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador_(1984_American_film)	The Ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwater!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q498864
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastardly_and_Muttley_in_Their_Flying_Machines	Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Gazzara	Ben Gazzara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(film)	Beta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four's_a_Crowd	Four's a Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewie_Griffin	Stewie Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Never_Been_Mellow_(song)	Have You Never Been Mellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Axt	William Axt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(1996_film)	Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekāuluohi	Kekāuluohi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Barry_Was_a_Lady_(film)	DuBarry Was a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossessione	Ossessione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Enough_at_Last	Time Enough at Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Warburton	Cotton Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Ronstadt	Linda Ronstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan	Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Loeb	Allan Loeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilmos_Zsigmond	Vilmos Zsigmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Midnight_and_Dawn	Between Midnight and Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Leach	Wilford Leach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_Mr._Bean	Goodnight Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_in_the_Dark	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q110365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle's_Wing	Eagle's Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheriff_of_Fractured_Jaw	The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Sound	Planet of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Kutakhov_(marshal)	Pavel Stepanovich Kutakhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Christmas	Arthur Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_My_Fancy	Goodbye, My Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_to_the_Filmmaker!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1724012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Aubrey_Smith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q552813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foals_(band)	Foals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_What_You_Got	Show Me What You Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_1900	The Legend of 1900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Drozdetsky	Alexander Drozdetsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Time_I_Get_to_Phoenix	By the Time I Get to Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Us_(ABBA_song)	One of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jaffer_Janardhanan	John Jaffer Janardhanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Calabria	Destination Calabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_(1922_film)	Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_Me	Reach Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_University	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q739627
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Spend_the_Night_Together	Let's Spend the Night Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Care_(Akon_song)	We Don't Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Thomson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47285
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douthyam	Douthyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Villa_Fiorita	The Battle of the Villa Fiorita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Harvest	Wild Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Stay_in_Love	I Stay in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Day_Out	Baby's Day Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Day	Light of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McCai	Bill McCai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Downward_Spiral	The Downward Spiral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(1998_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208344
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back_to_School_III	Fight Back to School III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostia_(film)	Ostia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_from_Brooklyn	The Kid from Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_&_Cash	Tango & Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes:_Spotlight_Collection	Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_Returns	Topper Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(1996_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105387
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Logan	Joshua Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gosling	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Horse_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q218589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshawar	Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetest_Girl_(Dollar_Bill)	Sweetest Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tywin_Lannister	Tywin Lannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Around_(Michael_Jackson_song)	This Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Prisoners	Heaven's Prisoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Hearts	Of Human Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Muthuraman	SP. Muthuraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Slattery	John Slattery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Fisher	Frances Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_/_Breathless	Calling \/ Breathless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor's_Knot	Traitor's Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruff_Ryders_Entertainment	Ruff Ryders Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_World_of_the_Brothers_Grimm	The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes:_A_Game_of_Shadows	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q243643
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Magnusson_of_Norway	Olaf Magnusson of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Danna	Jeff Danna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_(2001_film)	Iris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Heroes_(The_Stranglers_song)	No More Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Koltsov	Konstantin Koltsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Trump,_Jr.	Donald Trump, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Karlson	Phil Karlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martyn_Burke	Martyn Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Bond	Ward Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Records_(Warner)	Giant Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Town	Calamity Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copycat_(film)	Copycat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Venora	Diane Venora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affeltrangen	Affeltrangen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Nascimbene	Mario Nascimbene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooks_(film)	Spooks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Time_(song)	One Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumford_(film)	Mumford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Z._McLeod	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1971705
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Needs_Women	Mars Needs Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bell_for_Adano	A Bell for Adano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Baumbach	Noah Baumbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Eleven	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q205447
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_(musician)	David Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Moranis	Rick Moranis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lurene_Tuttle	Lurene Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Waggner	George Waggner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_(hide_song)	Tell Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desk_Set	Desk Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bishop	Ed Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Revolution_(song)	Sexual Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strutter	Strutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missionary	The Missionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_House_(film)	The Red House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire	Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Without_Armour	Knight Without Armour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Counts	Everything Counts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Love	Oh Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dime_(Ivy_Queen_song)	Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettam	Vettam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Sun,_Sister_Moon	Brother Sun, Sister Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Made_Me_a_Criminal	They Made Me a Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_Prince_Caspian	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q222023
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ibbetson	Arthur Ibbetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tad_Stones	Tad Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lucas	Jon Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Nativity_(film)	Black Nativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton	Robert Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Frend	Charles Frend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_(Taylor_Swift_song)	Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper,_Deeper,_Deeper_Still	Deeper, Deeper, Deeper Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Gems	Screen Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Ring:_Part_II	Chuck Versus the Ring: Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbary_Coast_(film)	Barbary Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Dr._Wassell	The Story of Dr. Wassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Betty	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q276528
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Burdon	Eric Burdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang_(1947_film)	Boomerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q364342
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_program	television program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revival_(Eurythmics_song)	Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albania	Albania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._Walsh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q502128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuen_(Do_As_Infinity_song)	Rakuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Me_Up!_Tie_Me_Down!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q600176
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Ground	Love on the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicy_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._song)	Juicy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Recovery_Injection	My Recovery Injection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Hemings	Betty Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Tibamanya	Urban Tibamanya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Trouble	Man Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee	Spike Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Vida_(album)	Mi Vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Really_Love_You	I Really Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Hark	Tsui Hark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent-a-Cop_(film)	Rent-a-Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Léaud	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295834
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Zherdev	Nikolay Zherdev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Fever	Jungle Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Chaser	Love Chaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair_to_Remember	An Affair to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_(2015_film)	Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Désirée_(film)	Désirée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Cafe	An Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Crossing	Night Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee_(TV_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q152178
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Perfect_(1997_film)	Picture Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lassally	Walter Lassally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis	Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saro_Urzì	Saro Urzì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Allen	Lily Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180665
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_on_a_Chain	Puppet on a Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Chance_(Michael_Jackson_song)	One More Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Martian_(film)	My Favorite Martian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Strikes_Out	Fear Strikes Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildcats_(film)	Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Kawada	Mami Kawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_and_Robbers_(1951_film)	Cops and Robbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Roberts	Marguerite Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_(The_Damned_song)	Problem Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddyshack_II	Caddyshack II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sean	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q294907
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Cigar	Have a Cigar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Acquaintance	Old Acquaintance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Married_His_Wife	He Married His Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Newman_(composer)	David Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_University	Yale University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Love	No Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Freda	Riccardo Freda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellie_Parker	Ellie Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(1985_film)	Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190086
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q123206
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Player_(film)	The Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McConnell_Story	The McConnell Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Is_Out	Hammersmith Is Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Fire_(film)	Reign of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London_(1939_film)	Tower of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_Ya_Light	Shine Ya Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Young	Christopher Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Malden	Karl Malden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Peet	Bill Peet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Daughter_(1991_film)	The Devil's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heartbreak_Kid_(1972_film)	The Heartbreak Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tak_Fujimoto	Tak Fujimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Navarone_(film)	The Guns of Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Schoenbaum	Charles Schoenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_Cemetery,_Culver_City	Holy Cross Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shatner	William Shatner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Dreams_(1922_film)	Daydreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awwal_Number	Awwal Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon/Blossom	Moon/Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Bye Bye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Need_Is_Cash	All You Need Is Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freebie_and_the_Bean	Freebie and the Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_Drunks	Punch Drunks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pope's_Eye	In the Pope's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_and_Higher_(film)	Higher and Higher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howards_of_Virginia	The Howards of Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro_diario	Caro diario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Devil_(film)	Beat the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Violets	Purple Violets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lung_cancer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle,_Twinkle_Lucky_Stars	Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Seven_Gables_(film)	The House of the Seven Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Dying_Then	No More Dying Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio	San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_Alone	I Walk Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsies	Newsies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25270
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grapes_of_Wrath_(film)	The Grapes of Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Glory_(film)	Pride and Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son,_the_Hero	Arrivano i titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(David_Bowie_song)	Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Fall	The Harder They Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_II:_The_Great_Valley_Adventure	The Land Before Time II: The Great Valley Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Sleep%3F_(Jesse_McCartney_song)	How Do You Sleep?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wilkinson	Tom Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Macdonald	Kelly Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcana_(film)	Arcana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serhiy_Varlamov	Serhiy Varlamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Good_Things_(film)	All Good Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Relations	Our Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Fields	Herbert Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_Meets_the_Boo_Brothers	Scooby-Doo Meets the Boo Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184605
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Deutch	Howard Deutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Hussey	Ruth Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Zone	Speed Zone!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_What_a_Lovely_Tea_Party	Oh, What a Lovely Tea Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_Films	Dimension Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Spider	Pink Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leelee_Sobieski	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229228
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_My_Turns	One of My Turns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow,_the_Owl_and_the_Dove	The Crow, the Owl and the Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Things_(2_Unlimited_album)	Real Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peut-être_toi	Peut-être toi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dreyfuss	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181799
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_No_Angels_(1989_film)	We're No Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manmadha_Leelai	Manmadha Leelai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Wives_for_New	Old Wives for New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stays_in_Mexico	Stays in Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundle_of_Joy	Bundle of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Hutcherson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q217004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moody_Blues	The Moody Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Cooke	Sam Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animated_series	animated series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Walker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213864
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emir_Kusturica	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q94882
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Rock_II	Lee Rock II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Fire	Green Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hunnam	Charlie Hunnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_Your_Life_(Anastacia_song)	One Day in Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_OOO	Kamen Rider OOO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Bigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kausalya_(actress)	Kausalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Secret_Technology	Black Secret Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category_6:_Day_of_Destruction	Category 6: Day of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(film)	Richie Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Days_of_Our_Lives	These Are the Days of Our Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_a_Light_(film)	Shine a Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigers_in_Lipstick	Tigers in Lipstick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vattaram	Vattaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafino_(film)	Serafino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Kerwin	Brian Kerwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Shore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207773
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Diaries_(film)	The Basketball Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_at_Heart_(1954_film)	Young at Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(2013_film)	Blood Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1979123
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_and_the_Bad_Guys	The Good Guys and the Bad Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Barkscrolls	The Lost Barkscrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(actor)	Thomas Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Winters	Shelley Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Goldman	William Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry_Studios	Tyler Perry Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arasu_(2003_film)	Arasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_of_the_Sands_(film)	The Riddle of the Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mourning_Becomes_Electra_(film)	Mourning Becomes Electra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_tumor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q233309
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Revue_of_1929	The Hollywood Revue of 1929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar:_Escape_2_Africa	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188474
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_the_Devil	Mistress of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_(film)	Armour of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran	Duran Duran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk	Chelyabinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1942_film)	The Spoilers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Izzard	Eddie Izzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q72267
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_of_Montezuma_(film)	Halls of Montezuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cant_Get_There_from_Here	Cant Get There from Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_on_a_My_House	Come on a My House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasikan	Rasikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Rees	Roger Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sarsgaard	Peter Sarsgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_F._Cline	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1292174
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Tearle	Conway Tearle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dallesandro	Joe Dallesandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_44_(film)	Child 44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Ways_to_Die_in_the_West	A Million Ways to Die in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Smiles_of_the_Decomposed	Half Smiles of the Decomposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanthaswamy	Kanthaswamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maattrraan	Maattrraan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renu_Saluja	Renu Saluja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bal_(1983_film)	Le Bal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_I_de'_Medici,_Grand_Duke_of_Tuscany	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q297483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_to_Heaven	Way to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Siodmak	Curt Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Day	Save the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Annie_Rooney_(1925_film)	Little Annie Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Marber	Patrick Marber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(Bob_Dylan_song)	I Want You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammett_(film)	Hammett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cohn	Arthur Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_TV_Set	The TV Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Séance_on_a_Wet_Afternoon	Séance on a Wet Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Girl_(R._Kelly_and_Usher_song)	Same Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loews_Cineplex_Entertainment	Loews Cineplex Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonwyck_(film)	Dragonwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Miles	Robert Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambha_(actress)	Rambha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will,_If_You_Will	I Will, If You Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyokuto_Symphony:_The_Five_Stars_Night_@Budokan	Kyokuto Symphony: The Five Stars Night @Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(film)	Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_and_Away	Far and Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Shepherd,_Speak!	O Shepherd, Speak!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_(film)	Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McGill	Bruce McGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_2.0	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1391594
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Beery	Wallace Beery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Mars	Mission to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raditude	Raditude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procession_(New_Order_song)	Procession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Renunciation	The Renunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(1963_film)	Tom Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(2001_film)	Planet of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_II:_Operation_Condor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1549966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film)	The Portrait of a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_of_Trial	Term of Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Flathead	I, Flathead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Being_Greedy	Stop Being Greedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Decision_(film)	Command Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tail_Spin	Tail Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhuri_Dixit	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232451
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Giacchino	Michael Giacchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty_Minor	Sa majesté Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DiMaggio	John DiMaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Savides	Harris Savides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_Down_Low	Bass Down Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Ones	The Beautiful Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_Year_(2006_film)	Man of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS	CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giri_(film)	Giri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Mills	Reginald Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Zimbalist	Sam Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoia_(2013_film)	Paranoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Pip	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q13424132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Parks	Michael Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_God_Forgives	Only God Forgives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Zborowski	Krzysztof Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testimony_(1946_film)	The Testimony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannery_Row_(film)	Cannery Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melon_Kinenbi	Melon Kinenbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhool_Bhulaiyaa	Bhool Bhulaiyaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hucksters	The Hucksters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Child	Century Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Blue	Computer Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saikō_no_Kataomoi	Saikō no Kataomoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hessian_Renegades	The Hessian Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1990_film)	Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_&_Iris	Stanley & Iris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Dearden	Basil Dearden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Blue_Jackets	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207507
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_My_Sarong	Pardon My Sarong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Obukhov	Dmitri Obukhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana_Tragedy:_The_Story_of_Jim_Jones	Guyana Tragedy: The Story of Jim Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyric_Street_Records	Lyric Street Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God!_Show_Me_Magic	God! Show Me Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perchance_to_Dream_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Perchance to Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Walls	Chelsea Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendell_Baker_Story	The Wendell Baker Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Gondolier	Broadway Gondolier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Left_to_Do_But_Cry	Nothing Left to Do But Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Tell_the_Spartans	Go Tell the Spartans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Stop_Now_(Busta_Rhymes_song)	Why Stop Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trumpet_of_the_Swan_(film)	The Trumpet of the Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artie_Lange's_Beer_League	Artie Lange's Beer League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunaa	Guna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_(film)	The Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(album)	The Final Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lips_Are_Sealed	Our Lips Are Sealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebellion_(Lies)	Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peppard	George Peppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealth_(film)	Stealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Finn	Neil Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Fielding	Jerry Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggae	reggae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Charming_Man	This Charming Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_at_the_Wheel	Mabel at the Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organik	Organik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Trouble_(1994_film)	I Love Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Six_Convicts	My Six Convicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Misérables_(1935_film)	Les Misérables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_No_Angel	I'm No Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Greatest_Lover	You're the Greatest Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Minutes_of_Love	Twenty Minutes of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_for_Love_(film)	Fool for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekta_Kapoor	Ekta Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Steenburgen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108935
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Capitals	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204627
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_to_a_Bad_Man	Tribute to a Bad Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Honey	American Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Blake_Nelson	Tim Blake Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No_Other_Way_(Desperate_Housewives)	There Is No Other Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Town_(2011_film)	China Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_My_Side_(Jadakiss_song)	By My Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1931_English-language_film)	Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldev_Raj_Chopra	Baldev Raj Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeneas_MacKenzie	Æneas MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hi-Lo_Country	The Hi-Lo Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Eggar	Samantha Eggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_of_Cups_(film)	Knight of Cups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Rock	30 Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_the_Night_(film)	Somewhere in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1938_film)	Kidnapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Thou_Wilt	What Thou Wilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young_(film)	Brigham Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Shvidki	Denis Shvidki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chōjin_Sentai_Jetman	Chōjin Sentai Jetman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Hunt_(1994_film)	Witch Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Depp	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37175
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansky_(film)	Lansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Xmas_(War_Is_Over)	Happy Xmas (War Is Over)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraków	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q31487
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Kurbatov	Evgeny Kurbatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl,_a_Guy_and_a_Gob	A Girl, a Guy, and a Gob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Hole	The Black Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Bacalov	Luis Bacalov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Linden_(writer)	Jamie Linden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Adaline	The Age of Adaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compañeros	Compañeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfall_(novel)	Windfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Abroad	The Saint Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitars_(Mike_Oldfield_album)	Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Arau	Alfonso Arau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(1999_film)	Virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_of_Lublin_(film)	The Magician of Lublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawman_(film)	Lawman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swashbuckler_(film)	Swashbuckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Women_(1924_film)	Three Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Cornwell	Bernard Cornwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Silverman	Sarah Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi's_First_Christmas	Yogi's First Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman_(film)	Starman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angaaray_(1986_film)	Angaaray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver	Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_in_the_Old_Attic	The Secret in the Old Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1996_film)	Broken Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zorro	The Legend of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chained_(1934_film)	Chained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalk_Hill_AVA	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1059721
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_The_Lost_Ship_in_the_Sky	Detective Conan: The Lost Ship in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_and_Fancy_Free	Fun and Fancy Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilin'_Through_(1932_film)	Smilin' Through
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Acquainted	Getting Acquainted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Filatov	Nikita Filatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicki_Minaj	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q162202
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Desire	Wings of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(1987_film)	Blind Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear_of_Star_Command:_The_Adventure_Begins	Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_(film)	The Grand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_(Trace_Adkins_song)	Chrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Schertzinger	Victor Schertzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licking_Cream	Licking Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_and_God	Susan and God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_on_Film	Girls on Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rank_Organisation	Rank Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1972_film)	Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Red_Letter_Day	Big Red Letter Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyajit_Ray	Satyajit Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closet_Land	Closet Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaji_N._Karun	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3521546
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit:_An_Unexpected_Journey	The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenan_Wynn	Keenan Wynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_is_the_Gate	Wide Is the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Rosson	Harold Rosson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Tracy	Spencer Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Tryin'_ta_Live	Just Tryin' ta Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-chul	Kim Jong-chul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Keener	Catherine Keener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Is_Full_of_Love	All Is Full of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_R._Heymann	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q215570
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(film)	Matador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koodum_Thedi	Koodum Thedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooryavansham	Sooryavansham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paarthaal_Pasi_Theerum	Paarthaal Pasi Theerum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_Miyan_Chote_Miyan	Bade Miyan Chote Miyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yojimbo_(film)	Yojimbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bowen_(actor)	Michael Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q104266
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdasar_Arzoumanian	Baghdasar Arzoumanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Hyams	Leila Hyams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_Santa_Paws	The Search for Santa Paws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Nail	Jimmy Nail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Must_Be_an_Angel_(Playing_with_My_Heart)	There Must Be an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnyard_(film)	Barnyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Pan_Alley_(film)	Tin Pan Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutz_Greenbaum	Mutz Greenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_Roars_(1938_film)	The Crowd Roars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_It_Loud	I Love It Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures:_How_I_Spent_My_Vacation	Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_Collection	The Three Stooges Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213512
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glengarry_Glen_Ross_(film)	Glengarry Glen Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Duke	Bill Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Sharma	Mani Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BloodRayne_(film)	BloodRayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Stapleton	Oliver Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Flynn_Boyle	Lara Flynn Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Shapiro_(composer)	Theodore Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_Khan	Aamir Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rik_Mayall	Rik Mayall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Valley_AVA	Bennett Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unpredictable_(Jamie_Foxx_album)	Unpredictable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Charles_Miller	Arthur Charles Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X_(1992_film)	Sue X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oldest_Profession	The Oldest Profession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Castle	The Last Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Maniacs	Movie Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sherlock_Holmes_(film)	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Woman_(Lost)	The Other Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artyom_Ternavsky	Artem Ternavsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoondte_Reh_Jaaoge	Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gérard_Depardieu	Gérard Depardieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Submarine_Boat	Tom Swift and His Submarine Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_and_War_(1996_film)	In Love and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_the_Show	A Night in the Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitali_Novopashin	Vitaliy Novopashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swindle_(1997_film)	The Swindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia	Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes	Young Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorduno	Gorduno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_All_Your_Luvin'	Give Me All Your Luvin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Priest's_Wife	The Priest's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Balsam	Martin Balsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Ancient_Staircase	Down the Ancient Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_Me_(Diddy_song)	Come to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(1995_film)	Bad Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Turn_Me_On	You Turn Me On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Water	Swamp Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Martin	Andrea Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Goldberg_(producer)	Daniel Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclops_(novel)	Cyclops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Buts!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3130082
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_(film)	Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolt_of_Mamie_Stover_(film)	The Revolt of Mamie Stover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Down_(song)	Broken Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabe_Polsky	Gabe Polsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Gingold	Hermione Gingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Mrs._Carrolls	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1219965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Where_It's_At_(song)	That's Where It's At
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Says	Jesus Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercurrent_(1946_film)	Undercurrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(Taylor_Swift_song)	Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_plus_belles_escroqueries_du_monde	Les plus belles escroqueries du monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damogen_Furies	Damogen Furies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sau_Crore	Sau Crore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Taste	Bad Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Dino_Thunder	Power Rangers Dino Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ruegger	Tom Ruegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1959_TV_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q742103
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakuri_Hitei	Karakuri Hitei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Goddamned_Friends	Dear Goddamned Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jane	Thomas Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Every_Heartbeat_(Five_Star_song)	With Every Heartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_the_Sky	Face to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_the_Wildlife	Watching the Wildlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_I_Am_(Eminem_song)	The Way I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Salce	Luciano Salce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brancaleone_at_the_Crusades	Brancaleone at the Crusades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miklós_Rózsa	Miklós Rózsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Honey	Love & Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puddle_Dive	Puddle Dive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramin_Djawadi	Ramin Djawadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andarivaadu	Andarivaadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Easiest_Way	The Easiest Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swizz_Beatz	Swizz Beatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Master_II	Drunken Master II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Command	Dark Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cream_(Prince_song)	Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Noble	Thom Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch_(film)	Starsky & Hutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Meehan_(screenwriter)	John Meehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_for_Rent	Life for Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cummings_(director)	Jack Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_on_Fifth_Avenue	It Happened on Fifth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands	Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(1967_film)	Casino Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_II:_The_Richard_Donner_Cut	Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Rooms	Four Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Christo	Bob Christo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Home_Entertainment	Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Foray	June Foray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco	San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Your_Life	All Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_California	Pasadena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stumar	John Stumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1947_film)	The Fugitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_the_Meninblack	The Gospel According to the Meninblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_That_Dreaded_Sundown_(2014_film)	The Town That Dreaded Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knockout	The Knockout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajid–Wajid	Sajid-Wajid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Huppert	Isabelle Huppert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_and_Face_the_Strange	Turn and Face the Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Recordings_(record_label)	American Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_There_Yet%3F_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q582120
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teemu_Lassila	Teemu Lassila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Fire	Hang Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Faces_of_Eve	The Three Faces of Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Sister!	Hello, Sister!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Worst	Before the Worst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Damned	Voyage of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_(1970_film)	Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makin'_Me_Fall_in_Love_Again	Makin' Me Fall in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Addiction	This Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bailey_(cinematographer)	John Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Day_(30_Rock)	Leap Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Measures_(film)	Desperate Measures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Smith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40096
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Hedaya	Dan Hedaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiwetel_Ejiofor	Chiwetel Ejiofor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Heroes	Sunday Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Karma!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q545718
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Cornell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270935
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(film)	The Outsiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizopolis	Schizopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_(1995_film)	Wild Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_It_Out_Loud_(Kiss_song)	Shout It Out Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitto_Daijōbu	Kitto Daijōbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Moncrieff	Karen Moncrieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Made_Maids	Self-Made Maids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsara_Sangeetham	Samsara Sangeetham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191224
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Tonto	Harry and Tonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Inside_(1958_film)	The Man Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Out!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q835474
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowla	Rowla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharam_Karam	Dharam Karam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thotta	Thotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_L._Cahn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q529568
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(David_Guetta_song)	Stay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sreenivasan_(actor)	Sreenivasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefania_Sandrelli	Stefania Sandrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Inc_Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1337601
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesian_Voivodeship	Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_(Jamie_Foxx_song)	Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivacious_Lady	Vivacious Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_the_Sailor_(1947_film)	Sinbad the Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Matthau	Walter Matthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Brolin	Josh Brolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q171453
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_/_Stay_Gold	Rookie \/ Stay Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Mr._Banks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3474574
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Rescue_(song)	Emotional Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks_II	Clerks II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortilla_Flat_(film)	Tortilla Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas	Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò_cerca_casa	Totò cerca casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saran_(director)	Saran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raavanan	Raavanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(2005_film)	Assault on Precinct 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Tolling_Bell	The Mystery of the Tolling Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1999_TV_series)	Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Loves_Pauline	Hermann Loves Pauline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2046_(film)	2046
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Analogue_(album)	Mount Analogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Studio_6H	Live from Studio 6H
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letters	The Scarlet Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Z._Arkoff	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q358702
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_&_June	Henry & June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Blue_Persuasion	Crystal Blue Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortals_(anthology)	Immortals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls	Some Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Screen	Behind the Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Big_(1932_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q973612
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wham_Bam_Slam	Wham Bam Slam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._K._Hangal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3595806
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Grodin	Charles Grodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Animals_(miniseries)	Political Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_April	Pieces of April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Humble_Machines	These Humble Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopgirl	Shopgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Petticoat	Operation Petticoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escape_Artist	The Escape Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Is_Still_Young_(Nicki_Minaj_song)	The Night Is Still Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Jodorowsky	Alejandro Jodorowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Roth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187019
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Id_(album)	The Id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Just_Men_(TV_series)	The Four Just Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Downey	Susan Downey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotic_City	Erotic City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Out,_Scooby-Doo!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2118347
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawhide_(1951_film)	Rawhide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens	Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_Free_(Arashi_song)	To Be Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Sims	Joan Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman_(1998_film)	Hitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Love	Christmas in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Kostyuchenok	Viktor Kostyuchenok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnaipol_Oruvan_(2009_film)	Unnaipol Oruvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Sisters	The Gay Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Saganne	Fort Saganne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Simpson_(film_editor)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1316101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Paulsen	Rob Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Cheep_Thrills	Son of Cheep Thrills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Addinsell	Richard Addinsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out_(1991_film)	Stepping Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Soup_to_Nuts	From Soup to Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42448
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Balance	A Question of Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohabbatein	Mohabbatein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Night_(1947_film)	The Long Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_from_the_Heart	One from the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_a_Big_Night_Out	Music for a Big Night Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Z._Burns	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2481763
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulu_Grosbard	Ulu Grosbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(film)	Peyton Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_You_Down	Talk You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_River_Plate_(film)	The Battle of the River Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_(band)	Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Schmidt	About Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/È_l'amor_che_mi_rovina	\u00c8 l'amor che mi rovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_(Glee)	Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yann_Tiersen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q157256
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Largo_(film)	Key Largo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Change_(film)	Game Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Run_This	I Run This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_Kassovitz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q491766
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Tentacles	Alternative Tentacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_for_Each_Other_(1939_film)	Made for Each Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocketful_of_Miracles	Pocketful of Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_von_Trier	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133730
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenser_(character)	Spenser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Amis_Cameron	Suzy Amis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Amidei	Sergio Amidei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Goldblum	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106706
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmachari_(1968_Hindi_film)	Brahmachari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Er_Più_–_storia_d'amore_e_di_coltello	Er Più – storia d'amore e di coltello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Did_You_Do_in_the_War,_Daddy%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1662410
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Gardiner	Greg Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Richard_Nixon	The Assassination of Richard Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_(film)	Somewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brighter_Buccaneer	The Brighter Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alright_(Baby's_Coming_Back)	It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_My_Baby_(Usher_song)	There Goes My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Over_Me	Rain Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Kuveiller	Luigi Kuveiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharath_Gopi	Bharath Gopi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q23768
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kono_Machi	Kono Machi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Magic_(1949_film)	Black Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_(1941_film)	Honky Tonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camryn_Manheim	Camryn Manheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_and_the_Healer	Doctor and the Healer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Women_(1977_film)	The Man Who Loved Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Srinivasa_Rao	Kota Srinivasa Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burglar's_Mistake	A Burglar's Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_and_Marty	Spin and Marty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Successful_(song)	Successful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Kapoor	Raj Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(band)	The Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Albarn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q272069
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_Tulsa	Keys to Tulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Almodóvar	Pedro Almodóvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selva_(director)	Selva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(band)	Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Let_Go_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Can't Let Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ak_Bars_Kazan	Ak Bars Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Temple	Juno Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Newton-John	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firework_(song)	Firework
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Pressman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q357726
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Afinogenov	Maxim Afinogenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_(2005_film)	The Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Vladivostok	Admiral Vladivostok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Records	Fantasy Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Above_It	Right Above It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_or_Die_(film)	Ride or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Armendáriz	Pedro Armendáriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle-Lion_Films	Eagle-Lion Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lollipop_(Lil_Wayne_song)	Lollipop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Last_Twelve_Hours	His Last Twelve Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Velvet_(film)	International Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets:_The_Final_Chapter	Duets: The Final Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiriyakhana	Chiriyakhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22FF.SS.%22_–_Cioè:_%22...che_mi_hai_portato_a_fare_sopra_a_Posillipo_se_non_mi_vuoi_più_bene%3F%22	"FF.SS.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Smile	U Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Buck_in_Here	Get Buck in Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_of_You_(Lenny_Kravitz_song)	Thinking of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Trade_Services	Fair Trade Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impostor_(film)	Impostor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(The_Who_song)	Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_All_Right_Jack	I'm All Right Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Passing_Along_This_Way	While Passing Along This Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(Heroes)	Don't Look Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerrukku_Ner	Nerrukku Ner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gebran_Tueni_(journalist)	Gebran Tueni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin:_Symphony_of_a_Metropolis	Berlin: Symphony of a Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Can't_Be_Moved	The Man Who Can't Be Moved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Buttons	Red Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lord	Robert Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Lion_Films	British Lion Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Change	Face the Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Don't_Come_Easy	It Don't Come Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Wagoner	Porter Wagoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookin'_at_Me	Lookin' at Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Who_Dared	Ten Who Dared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Symphony_No._1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1080141
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Movie	Epic Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_I_Married_an_Axe_Murderer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1753552
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopi_Goldberg	Whoopi Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murders_in_the_Rue_Morgue_(1971_film)	Murders in the Rue Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottinghamshire	Nottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermission_(film)	Intermission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Mui	Anita Mui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamelot	Kamelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_(film)	Norwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Few_Dollars_More	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q153677
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cave	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192668
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_no_Screen	Hitomi no Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Nelson	Judd Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenant	The Tenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Remasters	Led Zeppelin Remasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham	Marc Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bale	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q45772
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Or_the_Decline_and_Fall_of_the_British_Empire)	Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivering_Sherlocks	Shivering Sherlocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_II_(film)	Psycho II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Peters	Jean Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Comfort_(1981_film)	Southern Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q298694
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Razor's_Edge_(1946_film)	The Razor's Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Man	The Next Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siesta_(film)	Siesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wolff_(actor)	Frank Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Chriqui	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q298173
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart_of_the_Sea_(film)	In the Heart of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahem_Golan	Menahem Golan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery,_Alaska	Mystery, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boyle	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomena_(film)	Phenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groomsmen	The Groomsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_3	Death Wish 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Spelling	Tori Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Shawn	Dick Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby's_Rangers	Darby's Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_(rapper)	Birdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Dark_(Dev_song)	In the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Keach	James Keach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Graves	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156532
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hope_(film)	The Great White Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Keene	Carolyn Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_(Jay-Z_song)	I Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinkprint	The Pink Print
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Woodstock	Taking Woodstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Class_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1622883
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Kenyon	Daisy Kenyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mellencamp	John Mellencamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(2005_film)	Revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Alonzo	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1375311
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prizefighter_and_the_Lady	The Prizefighter and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Yo_Hood_Up	Put Yo Hood Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(novel)	Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target:_Harry	Target: Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(TV_series)	The Little Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aly_Michalka	Alyson Michalka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Lancaster	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160528
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Horrocks	Jane Horrocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reaping	The Reaping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_of_Iwo_Jima	Sands of Iwo Jima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innervision	Innervision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Swain	Mack Swain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Martin	Max Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Ex-Girlfriend	My Super Ex-Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longshots	The Longshots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_My_Party_(film)	It's My Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Livingston	Ron Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pomeroy	John Pomeroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedomland_(film)	Freedomland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(1959_film)	On the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(film)	Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules:_Zero_to_Hero	Hercules: Zero to Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khuda_Kasam	Khuda Kasam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacey_Chabert	Lacey Chabert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavya_Madhavan	Kavya Madhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Forbes	Ralph Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comment_réussir_quand_on_est_con_et_pleurnichard	Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia	Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuilly-sur-Seine	Neuilly-sur-Seine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Zeo	Power Rangers Zeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_Kingdom	The Animal Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Best_Forever	We the Best Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landru_(film)	Landru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Virtuous_Vamp	A Virtuous Vamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaalapani	Kaalapani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Liberty_(film)	Lady Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Little_Animals	All the Little Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Tried_(Bone_Thugs-n-Harmony_song)	I Tried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chardonnay	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213332
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigantic_(song)	Gigantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Big_Boy_Now	You're a Big Boy Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_XIII_of_France	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q737533
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispering_Wall	The Whispering Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wonderful_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538909
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108774
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_When_(song)	Say When
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayya_(2005_Tamil_film)	Ayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desirée_Goyette	Desirée Goyette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Massacre	The Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Ashby	Hal Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Spirits_(film)	High Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_69th	The Fighting 69th
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balan_K._Nair	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4849932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks:_The_Squeakquel	Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1569918
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Flamingos	Pink Flamingos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Girl_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._song)	Nasty Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warhost_of_Vastmark	Warhost of Vastmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Bisset	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232477
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Screwvala	Ronnie Screwvala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Little_Helper	Mother's Little Helper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Faith_(Faith_Evans_album)	Keep the Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_vs_Spy_(album)	Spy vs Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berry_(singer)	John Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Afraid	Not Afraid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Isham	Mark Isham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotoba_ni_Dekinakute/Shining_Butterfly	Kotoba ni Dekinakute\/Shining Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Any%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q742882
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitraaz	Aitraaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_and_the_7_Hoods	Robin and the 7 Hoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Thru	Follow Thru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Fighter	The Indian Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q93346
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadivelu	Vadivelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_in_a_Lifetime_(film)	Twice in a Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Doodle_Dandy	Yankee Doodle Dandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Ram	Hey Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ideal_Husband_(1999_film)	An Ideal Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rien_(album)	Rien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Storm	Eyes of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbet_Schroeder	Barbet Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir_Dogs	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q72962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Revell	Graeme Revell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Maker	The Dawn Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Girolami	Marino Girolami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Stoppa	Paolo Stoppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Clouds_(1995_film)	Beyond the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Mystic_Force	Power Rangers Mystic Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_rock	space rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Sardaar	Son of Sardaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(novel_series)	Warriors cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Ties	School Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Streets	Wild in the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pirosh	Robert Pirosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Sew_and_Sews	Three Little Sew and Sews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charade_(1963_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q496266
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Murray_(actor)	Don Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glease	Glease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Daly	Tim Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettai	Vettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Stars_Bless	Shining Stars Bless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_(film)	On the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Rockwell	Alexandre Rockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ward	Fred Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_On_(Glee)	Dream On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmesh_Darshan	Dharmesh Darshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Fiil	Niels Fiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_(1983_video)	Duran Duran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictée/Liber_Novus	Dictée/Liber Novus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twain_Shall_Meet	The Twain Shall Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Lovejoy	Ray Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_acting_in_Japan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q622807
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_English	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q337881
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickle	The Pickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobia_(film)	Zenobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Nivola	Alessandro Nivola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Kukhtinov	Roman Kukhtinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Robot_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200572
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasers	Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Song	Earth Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Perabo	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228868
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Pig	The Hour of the Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boccaccio_'70	Boccaccio '70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Jeremy_Bentham	The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathyaraj	Sathyaraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_2000	Dracula 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_Are_Falling	Tears Are Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_U	Only U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Jim_McLain	Big Jim McLain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_and_Beyond_(film)	Above and Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Takin'_Over	We Takin' Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street:_Money_Never_Sleeps	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q326526
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Wilson_(American_actor)	Patrick Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40302
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Lane	Nathan Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank	Anne Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Prejudice_(film)	Extreme Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tee_Off,_Mr._Bean	Tee Off, Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Bad_(1934_film)	Born to Be Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amur_Khabarovsk	Amur Khabarovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Winehouse	Amy Winehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bacon	Canadian Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_My_Life_(Millencolin_song)	The Story of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ángel_de_Amor	\u00c1ngel de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_W	Kamen Rider W
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_(film)	One Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Foot_7_Foot	6 Foot 7 Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_What_a_Lovely_War	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2545565
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(song)	Shattered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candidate_(1972_film)	The Candidate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/679_Artists	679 Artists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Every_Woman_Knows_(1934_film)	What Every Woman Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(Cussler_novel)	Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Kazionov	Denis Kazionov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Lewandowski	Eduard Lewandowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Turn_(1997_film)	U Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-un	Kim Jong-un
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Gotta_Give_(film)	Something's Gotta Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(1953_film)	Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii	Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Collapse	Do the Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoletta_Braschi	Nicoletta Braschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._P._Schulberg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q285357
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Thing_You_Do!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q642410
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You're_Gone_–_The_Album	Now You're Gone – The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Tom	Buffalo Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lateness_of_the_Hour	The Lateness of the Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Megalinsky	Dmitri Megalinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_ni_100_Percent	Kimi ni 100 Percent/Furisodeshon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Nine_Will_Not_Return	King Nine Will Not Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Moyer	Stephen Moyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokusatsu	Tokusatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Fine_(film)	So Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinnevere	Guinnevere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_of_the_Condor	Three Days of the Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Hope_It's_a_Girl	Speriamo che sia femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrakesh_Express	Marrakesh Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Don_Baker	Joe Don Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dido_(singer)	Dido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellan_Skarsgård	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208667
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_of_the_Sila	The Wolf of the Sila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_and_a_Half	Cop and a Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanco_y_Negro_Records	Blanco y Negro Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Place	Hidden Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hanks	Tom Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Been_Sleeping_in_My_Bed%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3279033
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Joe_Black	Meet Joe Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakthi_Chidambaram	Sakthi Chidambaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Goldbeck	Willis Goldbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyūkon_(Yaruki,_Genki,_Sono_Ki_no_Nekko)/%3Fcm	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q387439
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_&_Daisy	Violet & Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block-Heads	Block-Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon–McCartney	Lennon–McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaytha_Ezhuthu	Aaytha Ezhuthu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiance_/_Chi_ni_Kaeru_(On_the_Earth)	Radiance / Chi ni Kaeru: On the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_(film)	New Year's Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi	Denise Di Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_the_Stars_Are_Eternal_So_Are_You_and_I	If the Stars are Eternal So are You and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madwoman_of_Chaillot_(film)	The Madwoman of Chaillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Care_(film)	Critical Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Property_Man	The Property Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wandell	Tom Wandell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Labour's_Lost_(film)	Love's Labour's Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Photo_Telephone	Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(2004_film)	The Manchurian Candidate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_in_Show_(film)	Best in Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Fucked_Up	Totally Fucked Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tugboat_Annie	Tugboat Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala	Guatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Goes_By	Time Goes By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_or_Lovers_(1924_film)	Husbands or Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._V._Mahadevan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3536748
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q166419
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Adams	Don Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentle_Words	Gentle Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Phillips	Leslie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Jungle	Blackboard Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharara_(film)	Sharara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Heckerling	Amy Heckerling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Leschyshyn	Curtis Leschyshyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Tacchia	Count Tacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virumaandi	Virumaandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Corrigan	Lloyd Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Goodbye	Hello, Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Judge_Roy_Bean	The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_in_the_Forest_(film)	The Light in the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Natwarlal	Mr. Natwarlal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_the_Tramp_II:_Scamp's_Adventure	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244434
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Occasion	Quelle strane occasioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_language	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_Identity_(Delta_Goodrem_song)	Mistaken Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven_Ride	The Magnificent Seven Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_Clap	Make It Clap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Box	The Music Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_666	Room 666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist_(film)	Antichrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charas_(1976_film)	Charas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Cabiria	Nights of Cabiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc-A-Fella_Records	Roc-A-Fella Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetheart,_I_Have_to_Confess	Sweetheart, I Have to Confess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Christmas	Surviving Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court-Martial_of_Billy_Mitchell	The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomp_the_Yard	Stomp the Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Lines_(song)	Straight Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona	Tucson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_So_Much_(Desperate_Housewives)	Thank You So Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brain_Hurts	My Brain Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Makarov_(ice_hockey)	Konstantin Makarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(1978_film)	Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(film_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190214
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Pujari	Prem Pujari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Coins_in_the_Fountain_(film)	Three Coins in the Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Shirts_(film)	Red Shirts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar	Mario Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1962_film)	Mutiny on the Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Wings	Men with Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Wasson	Craig Wasson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slice_of_Life_(1954_film)	A Slice of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screeching_Weasel	Screeching Weasel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capps	Al Capps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(1965_film)	The Rounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Shirt_(song)	T-Shirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhse_Dosti_Karoge!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q263006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_Eazy	We Want Eazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deatta_Koro_no_Yō_ni	Deatta Koro no Yō ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Man_(film)	Renaissance Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_to_Love_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Somebody to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Provine	Dorothy Provine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_to_Dream	Right to Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Albertson	Jack Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why'd_You_Lie_to_Me	Why'd You Lie to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Suite_(film)	Plaza Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Birds_(1942_film)	Thunder Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Shield_of_Falworth	The Black Shield of Falworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_It_Up	Living It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1964_film)	Of Human Bondage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Sin	The Seventh Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bratt	Benjamin Bratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtship_of_Eddie's_Father_(film)	The Courtship of Eddie's Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Face_(film)	Baby Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Walk_Home	The Long Walk Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Skin	Mysterious Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathar_Ke_Insan	Pathar Ke Insan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer	cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_(2010_American_film)	Super
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Knot_(film)	Devil's Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley	Stephen Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_Love_(album)	Long Live Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_at_Your_Convenience	Carry On at Your Convenience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whorf	Richard Whorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Hard	Go Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Davis_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q297816
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Rambeau	Marjorie Rambeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_(The_Script_song)	Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThatPower	ThatPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Mike_Oldfield_album)	Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyl_(TV_series)	Vinyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pianist_(2002_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q150804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_de_los_Babys	Casa de los Babys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_Life_Strange	Isn't Life Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy_XV	Final Fantasy XV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100Kai_no_Kiss	100Kai no Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaheim_Ducks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192751
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bennett	Jeff Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Paradiso_(film)	Hotel Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotter_Than_Hell_(song)	Hotter Than Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_in_Paradise_(film)	Another Day in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Maria_Salerno	Enrico Maria Salerno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1921_film)	The Haunted House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_World_Went_Away	The Day the World Went Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_Strikes_Back	Bulldog Drummond Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1983_film)	To Be or Not to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(2012_film)	Anna Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Game	Les Jeux de l'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboys_(film)	Fanboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastrils	Mastrils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Badyukov	Alexei Badyukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennaiyil_Oru_Naal	Chennaiyil Oru Naal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Bride_(film)	The Princess Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1942:_A_Love_Story	1942: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Evans	Faith Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Fiona	Melanie Fiona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khosla_Ka_Ghosla	Khosla Ka Ghosla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Execution_of_Private_Slovik	The Execution of Private Slovik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Possessed_(1965_film)	The Possessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Valiant	Only the Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Ruggles	Charles Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_in_Wonderland	Alex in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(band)	Faust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Focus	Auto Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Murder	Anatomy of a Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaathala_Kaathala	Kaathala Kaathala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artyom_Chernov	Artem Chernov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Hinges	Hell's Hinges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_(30_Rock)	100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiot's_Delight_(film)	Idiot's Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Gadget_(film)	Inspector Gadget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Danger_Lives	Where Danger Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q39619
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_O'Keefe	Dennis O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_'r_Treat	Trick 'r Treat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1953_film)	Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste_Holm	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212957
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(2002_film)	Cabin Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin	Charlie Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Again_(1925_film)	Kiss Me Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Morning	Second Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogville	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q327681
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Quentin_(1937_film)	San Quentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_at_the_Edge_of_the_World	The Light at the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_2	Don 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Women	Two Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-571_(film)	U-571
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadows	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212168
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruslan_Zainullin	Ruslan Zainullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Him_to_the_Greek	Get Him to the Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Wong	Manfred Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_(1982_film)	Ashanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Around_the_Bend	Up Around the Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chann_Pardesi	Chann Pardesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_Smile	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q642546
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Furlan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229740
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Pretend_We're_Married	Let's Pretend We're Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Howard	Trevor Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Errant	Saint Errant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_McCrea	Joel McCrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Next	Who's Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Detroit	Doctor Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister's_Keeper_(film)	My Sister's Keeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelin'_It_(Jay-Z_song)	Feelin' It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(2005_film)	Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Baggot_(cinematographer)	King Baggot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Today	The Day Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1996_film)	Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Ferengi	The Magnificent Ferengi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Denisov_(ice_hockey)	Vladimir Denisov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Templar_(The_Saint)	Knight Templar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards_End_(film)	Howards End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echelon_Conspiracy	Echelon Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel_(1959_film)	The Blue Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsu_no_Yoru_wa_Danger!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3133718
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_in_the_Rain	Fool in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Soul	Ultra Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlife_Crisis	Midlife Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Dream_(film)	An American Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewie_Griffin:_The_Untold_Story	Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_It_Was	Like It Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Armstrong_(actor)	Robert Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side,_West_Side_(1949_film)	East Side, West Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Legacy	The Fourth Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Think_You're_the_First	Don't Think You're the First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(2002_film)	The Count of Monte Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Zavarukhin	Alexei Zavarukhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(1975_film)	Breakout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Balsam	Talia Balsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Scott	Raymond Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Di_Palma	Carlo Di Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGP-RTS	PGP-RTS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Fist	Tokyo Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKean	Michael McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiran_Rathod	Kiran Rathod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdog_(film)	Underdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Chertok	Jack Chertok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Bird	The Black Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia_(film_series)	The Chronicles of Narnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Pink_Dots	The Legendary Pink Dots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Gettysburg_(1913_film)	The Battle of Gettysburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricomincio_da_tre	Ricomincio da tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Turkey	Cold Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Goldberg	Adam Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekesuta_Kōsen_(Kurayami_o_Terasu_Hikari_wa_Hōseki_no_Yō_ni)	Tekesuta Kōsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amorous_Adventures_of_Moll_Flanders	The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Eyed_Jacks	One-Eyed Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mountain_(film)	Red Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hardy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208026
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Ho_(film)	Jai Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooveli	Pooveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Stay_Happy	You Gotta Stay Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Continent_(1968_film)	The Lost Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advise_&_Consent	Advise & Consent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Mirage,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q506446
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamaana_Deewana	Zamaana Deewana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trixie_(film)	Trixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Mouse	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q283239
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Forever_You'll_Be_Mine	Say Forever You'll Be Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janny_Wurts	Janny Wurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Day_at_Black_Rock	Bad Day at Black Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Helicopter	Chuck Versus the Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pianist	pianist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Ballard	Lucien Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith	Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servants'_Entrance	Servants' Entrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masta_I.C.	Masta I.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sub_Pop	Sub Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Gaiduchenko	Sergei Gaiduchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Affair	A Foreign Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binod_Pradhan	Binod Pradhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Four	Free Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Scheinman	Andrew Scheinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Lieutenant:_Port_of_Call_New_Orleans	The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_That_Rock_(Whatever_You_Want)	Jump That Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_by_Boring_Brick	Brick by Boring Brick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_DeBlois	Dean DeBlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thief_Catcher	A Thief Catcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gackt	Gackt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Cell_(film)	The Glass Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texasville	Texasville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_like_Heaven_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q75539
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceberg_(Cussler_novel)	Iceberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Me_Not_(Bonnie_Pink_song)	Forget Me Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Skachkov	Evgeny Skachkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Sweet	Blanche Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Garden_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)	Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(Jay_Z_and_R._Kelly_album)	Unfinished Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_It_All_Over	Think It All Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasavathaaram	Dasavathaaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Black_(ice_hockey)	James Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Blood_(film)	Innocent Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Weintraub	Fred Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenging_Angelo	Avenging Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_(1973_film)	Luther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_d'albergo	Camera d'albergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hare_Rama_Hare_Krishna_(1971_film)	Hare Rama Hare Krishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Break_Up_(Glee)	The Break Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican	The Mexican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper	Cyndi Lauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Better_Change_(song)	Something Better Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Church_in_the_Wild	No Church in the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kingsley	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q173158
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Blonde_(film)	Platinum Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Croods	The Croods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alland	William Alland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirious_(David_Guetta_song)	Delirious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_in_Rio	Real in Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Universe_(film)	Masters of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5th_Wave_(film)	The 5th Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holmes_(film_editor)	William Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Rousseau	Alex Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_The_Rise_of_Cobra	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q288645
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avengers:_Age_of_Ultron	Avengers: Age of Ultron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood	The Adventures of Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon	Christine Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excuse_Me_Miss	Excuse Me Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Walked_In	You Walked In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Fear	Shadow of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_du_Pont_Mills	Alice du Pont Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard_(1963_film)	The Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiří_Novotný_(ice_hockey)	Jiří Novotný
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Dolls_(film)	Valley of the Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Semler	Dean Semler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimple_Kapadia	Dimple Kapadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnal_Thaan_Kaadhala	Sonnal Thaan Kaadhala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larceny,_Inc.	Larceny, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukar_(2000_film)	Pukar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_8	Jennifer 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3:10_to_Yuma_(2007_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q746029
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_II	Species II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyō_Scandalous	Taiyō Scandalous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterji	Masterji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Horner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106221
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarzenberg,_Switzerland	Schwarzenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_4_Life	Moment 4 Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q29552
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Madness_(Edguy_album)	Kingdom of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Martin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_Fiction_Makers	The Saint and the Fiction Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo_no_Temari_Uta_II	Edo no Temari Uta II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Moore	Victor Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Show	Killer Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viking_Symbol_Mystery	The Viking Symbol Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Froeschel	George Froeschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Time	A Question of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policewoman_(film)	La poliziotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hat	Top Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siége_Perilous	Siége Perilous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismat_Konnection	Kismat Konnection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motto	The Motto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_Is_a_Private_Affair	Marriage Is a Private Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Those_Days_Are_Gone	Now Those Days Are Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Deray	Jacques Deray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyasagar_(composer)	Vidyasagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothar_Mendes	Lothar Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_2	Police Story 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Size_Fits_All_(Frank_Zappa_album)	One Size Fits All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_&_Rosa	Ginger & Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_(film)	Fargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimsy_Farmer	Mimsy Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_You_(Lily_Allen_song)	Fuck You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maze_(film)	Maze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Sky	Fire in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Friends_(1995_film)	Circle of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh	Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Closet:_Chapters_23–33	Trapped in the Closet: The Next Installment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urvashi_(actress)	Urvashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Re_Bang_Bang	Ninjya Re Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Man_(1941_film)	The Wolf Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Audiard	Michel Audiard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_End	The Living End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon_Wars	The Pentagon Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_J._Kemper	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q402295
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Perlberg	William Perlberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_(1973_film)	Sleeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_St._Louis	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3522316
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Flirt	I'm a Flirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Thousand_Hills	These Thousand Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_at_the_Top_(1959_film)	Room at the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juha_Lind	Juha Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistical_Probabilities	Statistical Probabilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Bolzoni	Adriano Bolzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambakkht_Ishq	Kambakkht Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Fey	Tina Fey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thing_About_Machines	A Thing About Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Milland	Ray Milland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Self-Improvement_of_Salvadore_Ross	The Self-Improvement of Salvadore Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_(1932_film)	Forbidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sullivan_(film_editor)	Frank Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saajan	Saajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Ohio	Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Spall	Timothy Spall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golmaal_3	Golmaal 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Her_Will:_An_Incident_in_Baltimore	Against Her Will: An Incident in Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Long_Legs_(1955_film)	Daddy Long Legs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(1948_film)	Red River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Houses_(Eric_Burdon_and_the_Animals_song)	White Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preonzo	Preonzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Casanova:_Childhood_and_Adolescence	Giacomo Casanova: Childhood and Adolescence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Kane	Carol Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_(film)	The Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(1991_film)	True Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saoirse_Ronan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228603
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_and_Profane	The Proud and Profane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_(film)	Ada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddharth_(actor)	Siddharth Narayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Nest_(1923_film)	The Love Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Army_(film)	Red Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie's_Choice_(film)	Sophie's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosimo_II_de'_Medici,_Grand_Duke_of_Tuscany	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312297
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(2002_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Curie_(film)	Madame Curie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diner_(film)	Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Peirce	Kimberly Peirce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Rogers_(composer)	Eric Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Hayashibara	Megumi Hayashibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Pretty_(1948_film)	Sitting Pretty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Loves_You	She Loves You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_My_Life_(The_Animals_song)	It's My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Hospital_(film)	County Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iru_Malargal	Iru Malargal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(1998_film)	Psycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Della_Reese	Della Reese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Take_This_Woman_(1940_film)	I Take This Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(song)	Side Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinduism	Hinduism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liquidator_(1965_film)	The Liquidator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundido_En_Un_Rincón	Hundido En Un Rinc\u00f3n
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuomas_Holopainen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q489000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_Aguirresarobe	Javier Aguirresarobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Was_a_Vampire	Uncle Was a Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Delpy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q110462
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Newton_Howard	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213869
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_(rapper)	Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Hardwicke	Cedric Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forsythe	John Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Morgan	Frank Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Harry_Kellerman_and_Why_Is_He_Saying_Those_Terrible_Things_About_Me%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q957913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bogus	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1036301
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q238101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Benigni	Roberto Benigni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes,_Trains_and_Automobiles	Planes, Trains and Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Benvenuti	Leonardo Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_(30_Rock)	College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayma_Mays	Jayma Mays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson_(publisher)	Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_Records	Harvest Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Hide	Something to Hide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_the_Darkness	The Ghost and the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_McCarthy	Melissa McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Ray	Sister Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proposition	The Proposition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestra_Wives	Orchestra Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Douglas_(actor)	Robert Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictator_(2012_film)	The Dictator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Yong-hui	Ko Yong-hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayo_Technology	Ayo Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Would_Die_4_U	I Would Die 4 U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Ross	Neil Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Anne_Hurd	Gale Anne Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Todd_(businessman)	Bryan Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Office_Hours	After Office Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Blade	Kamen Rider Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_the_October_Revolution	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q728960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q125904
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_DiCillo	Tom DiCillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Busta_Rhymes_album)	Genesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadashi_no_Mirai/Kotoba_Yori_Taisetsu_na_Mono	Hadashi no Mirai/Kotoba Yori Taisetsu na Mono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_Brown	Casanova Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Tiger_(film)	Eye of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fury	Captain Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canary_(film)	Grand Canary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Off_(song)	Lift Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backfire_(1950_film)	Backfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Love_(Tommy_James_and_the_Shondells_song)	It's Only Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_of_Burden_(song)	Beast of Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Wolf	Dick Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_on_the_Hudson	Moscow on the Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Lemtyugov	Nikolai Lemtyugov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1946_film)	Great Expectations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_the_King	Farewell to the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(1980_TV_series)	Hollywood (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis_and_Butt-Head	Beavis and Butt-head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Hunt	Tragic Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Moore_(actor)	Matt Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Bethlehem	Summer in Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Gundown_(album)	The Big Gundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Story	Malta Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_How_Life_Is	On How Life Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Blue_and_Gold_(film)	Navy Blue and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_The_Beast_with_a_Billion_Backs	Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Enterprise	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q380519
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenberg_(film)	Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodom_and_Gomorrah_(1962_film)	Sodom and Gomorrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dobkin_(director)	David Dobkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q430070
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbili_Yuddham	Bobbili Yuddham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_(The_Damned_song)	Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Bomer	Matt Bomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Seuss'_How_the_Grinch_Stole_Christmas!_(TV_special)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q251801
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Flyers	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192083
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Seventh_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey's_Dead	Honey's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Discovery_of_Witches	A Discovery of Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Texas_Wind	Wild Texas Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Hannah	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207596
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurg_Magnitogorsk	Metallurg Magnitogorsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avi_Lerner	Avi Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Trade_(song)	Skin Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_Tognazzi	Ugo Tognazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_the_Rain	Bring the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Argento	Claudio Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Burditt	Jack Burditt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_J._Cobb	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q348351
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221586
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Miller_Shepard	Helen Miller Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Ward_(composer)	Edward Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Sade:_Justine	Marquis de Sade: Justine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Your_Man	Here Comes Your Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Rice	Bitter Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Holiday_(The_Young_Ones)	Summer Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(song)	Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Weeks_in_a_Balloon_(film)	Five Weeks in a Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poppy_Is_Also_a_Flower	The Poppy Is Also a Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirrupathi_Brothers	Thirupathi Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversation	The Conversation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_Pookal	December Pookal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_(film)	Undisputed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesús_Franco	Jesús Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_failure	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181754
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Fire_(Sarah_McLachlan_song)	Into the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Forever	Live Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_with_Candy_(film)	Strangers with Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart_of_the_Woods	In the Heart of the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Furthman	Jules Furthman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Courvoisier,_Part_II	Pass the Courvoisier, Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Missouri	The Girl from Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Voyages...	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2469115
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_(1991_film)	Oscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulltime_Killer	Fulltime Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_O'Brien	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q486740
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Script	The Script
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_&_Elsewhere	Roxy & Elsewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Lovers	Sunday Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suki_de,_Suki_de,_Suki_de./Anata_Dake_ga	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3125239
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Teacher	The Little Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrise_Kingdom	Moonrise Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_in_Suburbia	Crime and Punishment in Suburbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_(1977_film)	Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armored_(film)	Armored
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Times_Seven	Woman Times Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Again_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._album)	Born Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(2012_film)	Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Night	The Unholy Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Franciosa	Anthony Franciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Stay_Together_(30_Rock)	Let's Stay Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Emmet_Walsh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q498420
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Oblivion	Living in Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Village_Memorial_Park_Cemetery	Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalcanal_Diary_(film)	Guadalcanal Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvan_Attal	Yvan Attal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Anderson	Sylvia Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambit_(2012_film)	Gambit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Banderas	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41548
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman	Robert Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._G._Ramachandran	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q127868
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul	Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Agnes	Alas Agnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Beauty	Stage Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycoon_(1947_film)	Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Irwin	Bill Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purchase_Price	The Purchase Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Corsage	Joe's Corsage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sushmita_Sen	Sushmita Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Mile_(film)	Moonlight Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Heard	Amber Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Life_(1950_film)	A Dog's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyaa_Super_Kool_Hain_Hum	Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Byakin	Ilya Byakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Witch_Doctor_(film)	White Witch Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fonda	Henry Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avicii	Avicii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_director	theatre director
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Heads:_77	Talking Heads: 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keemat_(1973_film)	Keemat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Crawford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40475
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Bad	Breaking Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Quest:_A_Cassini_Space_Odyssey	Quantum Quest: A Cassini Space Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakheart_Pass_(film)	Breakheart Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Bathsheba_(film)	David and Bathsheba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Falk	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q484881
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robb_Stark	Robb Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Cops	Future Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kshatriya_(film)	Kshatriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q26793
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vittore,_Switzerland	San Vittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Gaudino	Alex Gaudino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interesting_(The_Young_Ones)	Interesting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirupaachi	Thirupaachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mighty_Wind	A Mighty Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockers_(film)	Clockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Nomura	Tetsuya Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years_in_Tibet_(1997_film)	Seven Years in Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go-Go's	The Go-Go's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_(1987_film)	September
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Pirate	The Crimson Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Vajda	Ernest Vajda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ticklish_Affair	A Ticklish Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Liar	Liar Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nichols_(actor)	George Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_My_Control	Beyond My Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(film)	Demolition Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watan_Ke_Rakhwale	Watan Ke Rakhwale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ladd	Alan Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugantino_(film)	Rugantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Magni	Luigi Magni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmela_Soprano	Carmela Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Reville	Alma Reville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystalline_(song)	Crystalline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_High,_Swing_Low_(film)	Swing High, Swing Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Came_Home	Three Came Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Reloj_Cucú	El Reloj Cuc\u00fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Slippy	Born Slippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(Desperate_Housewives)	Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_My_Way_(TV_series)	Going My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Love	How to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Gould,_Sr.	Edwin Gould I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_White	Three Colors: White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarity_(Zedd_album)	Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_Old_Men_(film)	Grumpy Old Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Jones	Carolyn Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Sentyurin	Sergei Sentyurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1998_film)	Great Expectations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Harbor_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194413
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Did_I_Get_Married_Too%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3078078
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Porcaro	Steve Porcaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(James_Brown_song)	Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_(Snoop_Dogg_song)	Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Luke	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q350588
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassin_(1961_film)	The Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecker_(film)	Pecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_That_(song)	Roger That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer	Stanley Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_the_Red_Velvet_Swing	The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiefer_Sutherland	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.P._(Rita_Ora_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q568708
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Closet_Chapters_1–12	Trapped in the Closet Chapters 1–12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Rules of Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_You'll_Never_See_Me_Again	Like You'll Never See Me Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Thugs	Why We Thugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffron_Burrows	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232419
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Haller	Ernest Haller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ever_Think_(Too_Much)	Don't Ever Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Mitchell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230516
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_Banquet_Records	Beggars Banquet Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_(film)	Sapphire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_in_the_Sun_(film)	Duel in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampoorna_Ramayanam_(1958_film)	Sampoorna Ramayanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio	Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Glamour_Girls	These Glamour Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digging_the_Grave	Digging the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letto_a_tre_piazze	Letto a tre piazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongo_(1932_film)	Kongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Coutard	Raoul Coutard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(song)	Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_(1925_film)	Go West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(Olivia_Newton-John_and_Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	Xanadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poi_Solla_Porom	Poi Solla Porom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_L._Williams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202801
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who_&_Special_Guests:_Live_at_the_Royal_Albert_Hall	The Who & Special Guests: Live at the Royal Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polo_Grounds_Music	Polo Grounds Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Marietta_(film)	Naughty Marietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_Wives	Foolish Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Hart	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2003471
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything's_Gone_Green	Everything's Gone Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro_armeijan_leivissä	Uuno Turhapuro armeijan leiviss\u00e4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin	Scott Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Gleeson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206659
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_2	Ted 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Days_Are_Numbered	I giorni contati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan	Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Supercops	Miami Supercops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Sabres	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131206
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking_Now	Look Who's Talking Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Koltsov	Kirill Koltsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criminal_Code	The Criminal Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Desire	Harlem Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_under_the_Window	Footprints under the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_People	The Rain People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_on_You_(film)	Stuck on You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lloyd	Frank Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeric_Pressburger	Emeric Pressburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joni_Mitchell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q205721
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(John_Lennon_song)	Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda	Gilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Highway	Human Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Beck	Martin Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_(film)	Edmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lookout_(2007_film)	The Lookout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Toughest_in_the_Infants	Second Toughest in the Infants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Pacific	Across the Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah_(Paramore_song)	Hallelujah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_(1994_film)	Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Ever_Happened_to_Baby_Jane%3F_(1962_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q26644
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Paces_to_Baker_Street	23 Paces to Baker Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zookeeper_(film)	Zookeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Reno	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(1981_film)	Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagaan	Lagaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(1959_film)	Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_in_Sorrento	Pane, amore e...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Kirby	Bruno Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear_of_Star_Command	Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specialists_(film)	Gli specialisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mann	Daniel Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_It_Like_It's_Hot	Drop It Like It's Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ján_Lašák	Ján Lašák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live	They Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeenat_Aman	Zeenat Aman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceCamp	SpaceCamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Evil	Something Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_a_Dark_Stranger	I See a Dark Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Engine_That_Disappeared	The Fire Engine That Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convention_City	Convention City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_for_Texas	4 for Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_(film)	The Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Life_(Amy_Macdonald_song)	This Is the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warden	Jack Warden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_(song)	Freaky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gupta_(director)	Sanjay Gupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_Us	Pardon Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Thirteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aag_Ka_Gola	Aag Ka Gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Gamley	Douglas Gamley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Enlund	Jonas Enlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Excited_(film)	I'm So Excited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agni_Natchathiram	Agni Natchathiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_Mihok	Dash Mihok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Sandler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132952
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Thief	Identity Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Along_the_Watchtower	All Along the Watchtower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_I_Am_(What_I_Am)	Say I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picking_Up_the_Pieces_(film)	Picking Up the Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Amendola	Mario Amendola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cillian_Murphy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202589
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salton_Sea	The Salton Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Damon	Matt Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZTT_Records	ZTT Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cost_of_Living_(Lost)	The Cost of Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fair	Not Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Birds_Movie	The Angry Birds Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajaputhran	Rajaputhran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BFG_(2016_film)	The BFG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Igorevich_Kuznetsov	Alexei Kuznetsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounder_Records	Rounder Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Rescue	Emotional Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Family_(film)	First Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_the_Valentine	Dancing on the Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sons_(1940_film)	Four Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Pinoteau	Claude Pinoteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow_(Star_Trek:_Enterprise)	Broken Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_When_We_Meet_(film)	Strangers When We Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victors_(film)	The Victors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_a_Winner_in_You	I've Got a Winner in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Laredo_(miniseries)	Streets of Laredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tap_Roots	Tap Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneepath_(2012_film)	Agneepath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Tsulygin	Nikolai Tsulygin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Greco_(1966_film)	El Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vartan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270660
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Waters_(1944_film)	Dark Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Donkey-Boy	Julien Donkey-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_Wolfe	Nero Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flawless_(2007_film)	Flawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Ring_(album)	Ring Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Aykroyd	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105221
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Kings_(1927_film)	The King of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_a_Funeral_(2007_film)	Death at a Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Miss_Manton	The Mad Miss Manton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_Our_You	He's Our You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Lone_Ranger	The Legend of the Lone Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On_Home_to_Me	Bring It On Home to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_City_(1939_film)	Dodge City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Dhaka	University of Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_to_Vaccarès	Caravan to Vaccar\u00e8s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy!_Jūichi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1340930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Goes_My_Love	So Goes My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahamantri_Timmarusu_(film)	Mahamantri Timmarusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_County,_Illinois	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108418
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard_(1972_film)	Bluebeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_at_a_Losing_Game	Winner at a Losing Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Omar	Don Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Oh_Boy_(The_Wilkinsons_song)	Boy Oh Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamous_(film)	Infamous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven's_New_Nightmare	Wes Craven's New Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suresh_Gopi	Suresh Gopi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Goes_to_Hollywood	Frankie Goes to Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artūrs_Irbe	Artūrs Irbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(1952_film)	When in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlesque_(2010_American_film)	Burlesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Roses_(film)	The War of the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HYFR_(Hell_Ya_Fucking_Right)	HYFR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Schygulla	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28921
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupu_Pick	Lupu Pick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Scissorhands	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q217182
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bellezza_di_Ippolita	La bellezza di Ippolita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjeev_Kumar	Sanjeev Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowup	Blowup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_(2000_film)	Susanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Midnight	At Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Pickler	Kellie Pickler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasa_Kiligal	Pasa Kiligal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Disc	Mystery Disc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover_Jones	Grover Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Bears	The Country Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Death_101	Sex and Death 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bond	The Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_Like_Us_(song)	Thieves Like Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merge_Records	Merge Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fraisse_(cinematographer)	Robert Fraisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarangalil_Chennu_Raparkam	Nagarangalil Chennu Raparkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_Jets_(1972–96)	Winnipeg Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmless_Man	Charmless Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderers'_Row_(film)	Murderers' Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.K._Nerone	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1656029
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthworm_Tractors	Earthworm Tractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Beefcake	Chuck Versus the Beefcake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Happy_Day	Another Happy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Winston	Young Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Magnolias	Steel Magnolias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(film)	The Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_(film)	The Flintstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rourke	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q178552
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Lee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160726
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Club_–_Members_Only	Fight Club – Members Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Auntie	Along Came Auntie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Up_(Ciara_song)	Get Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuvvostanante_Nenoddantana	Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackson_5	The Jackson 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mandell	Daniel Mandell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail,_Caesar!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q18516636
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinash_(film)	Avinash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Thomas	Jeremy Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Sucksdorff	Arne Sucksdorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policy_of_Truth	Policy of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Under_the_Sun_(1982_film)	Evil Under the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Yes	The House of Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones's_Diary_(film)	Bridget Jones's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshilaay	Joshilaay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1776_(film)	1776
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_a_Queen	Assault on a Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Volkov_(ice_hockey)	Aleksei Volkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Priest	Judge Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Neretva_(film)	Battle of Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Cowboys	Lonesome Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Double_Life	His Double Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Walsh_(film_editor)	Martin Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Had_Any_Pride_Left_at_All	If I Had Any Pride Left at All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Kwiatkowski	Joel Kwiatkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Horatio_Hornblower	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201209
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wincott	Michael Wincott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Again_(1987_film)	Hello Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Splash	3 Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Line	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q154077
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Floor	The Thirteenth Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Bitch	Sexy Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impatient_Years	The Impatient Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_France	To France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midhya	Midhya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_Vacation	Vegas Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowcar_Janaki	Sowcar Janaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread,_Love_and_Dreams	Bread, Love and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome	Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Pink_Floyd_song)	Hey You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Kroeker	Allan Kroeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin_and_the_Empress	Rasputin and the Empress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Bass	Lee Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Without_Limits	Brooklyn Without Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Dangerous_3	Young and Dangerous 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_America_(film)	Air America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Girl_(film)	Wild Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Pestunov	Dmitri Pestunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Feathers_(1929_film)	The Four Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.R.S._Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2265719
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Has_Fallen	London Has Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_H._Moritz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q928022
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Harper	Roy Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Lugano	Hockey Club Lugano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Mori_(film_producer)	Masayuki Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(1988_film)	Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traffic_Policeman	The Traffic Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traktor_Chelyabinsk	Traktor Chelyabinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_De_Bernardi	Piero De Bernardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Amadeus_II_of_Sardinia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209579
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qahar	Qahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Guzmán	Luis Guzmán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Plenty	Land of Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_of_Fury	Balls of Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_and_Sympathy_(film)	Tea and Sympathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feud_and_the_Turkey	The Feud and the Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bedroom	In the Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_and_the_Poor_Boys	Willy and the Poor Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Hot_to_Handle_(1938_film)	Too Hot to Handle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Clouds	A Walk in the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light/White_Heat	White Light/White Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(Pearl_Jam_song)	Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pointy_End	The Pointy End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Khudyakov	Sergei Khudyakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were_Meant_for_Me_(film)	You Were Meant for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_Old_Line	Strait Old Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libeled_Lady	Libeled Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Walsh	Fran Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Iron_Mask_(1998_film)	The Man in the Iron Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cannon	Nick Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harris	Richard Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katilon_Ke_Kaatil	Katilon Ke Kaatil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Bedingfield	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212906
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hanna	William Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Time_Around_(film)	The Second Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_Me_Knowing_You_with_Alan_Partridge_(radio_series)	Knowing Me Knowing You with Alan Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_Are_Beautiful_People	Animals Are Beautiful People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_with_You	One Hour with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Myself_and_I_(De_La_Soul_song)	Me Myself and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Moon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q150901
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_(screenwriter)	John Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_Will_Surrender	Flesh Will Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potential_Breakup_Song	Potential Breakup Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Teri_Ganga_Maili	Ram Teri Ganga Maili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroz_Khan_(actor)	Feroz Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Darkness	Angels of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Rollins_(producer)	Jack Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Metty	Russell Metty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marudhanayagam	Marudhanayagam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_Clock_Ticked	While the Clock Ticked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(1990_film)	Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_De_Palma	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189526
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mazursky	Paul Mazursky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea's_Big_Happy_Family_(film)	Madea's Big Happy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_I_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q587697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Submarine_(song)	Yellow Submarine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_That_Camel	Follow That Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Time's_Sake	Old Time's Sake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girls_(Desperate_Housewives)	Beautiful Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Varrick	Charley Varrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Innocent_Affair	An Innocent Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Cry_(Ja_Rule_song)	I Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Kinski	Klaus Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_Trouble	Mouse Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Wanted_(1997_film)	Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenheit_9/11	Fahrenheit 9/11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Kiva	Kamen Rider Kiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu_(John_Zorn_album)	Nosferatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayaram	Jayaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_Must_Go_On_(Queen_song)	The Show Must Go On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Thoughts	Evil Thoughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoeshine_(film)	Shoeshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predictable_(Delta_Goodrem_song)	Predictable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_World_(film)	Circus World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dia_Mirza	Dia Mirza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpreter	The Interpreter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Games_(anthology)	Dangerous Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Loud,_Louder..._I_Don't_Understand	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3965942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Benefits_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q629596
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Boy_Records	Tommy Boy Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_to_Believe_/_Aoi_Iro	Justice to Believe / Aoi Iro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Will	Iron Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1980_film)	Dressed to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_A._Edwards	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3325522
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Staircase_(1946_film)	The Spiral Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Whitaker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182763
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Sterling	Ford Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift	Tom Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoop_(2006_film)	Scoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Punch_(2011_film)	Sucker Punch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Nothin'_to_Somethin'	From Nothin' to Somethin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Husband_for_Anna	A Husband for Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kwapis	Ken Kwapis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concert_for_George_(film)	Concert for George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Addy	Mark Addy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Five!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1370891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Houseman	John Houseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Me_Free_(The_Kinks_song)	Set Me Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_Excelsior	Grand Hotel Excelsior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapò	Kapò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard	Jean-Luc Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadrunner_Records	Roadrunner Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geffen_Records	Geffen Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_E._Winters	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q376563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_(Dolly_Parton,_Linda_Ronstadt_and_Emmylou_Harris_album)	Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Maria_Felicita_of_Savoy	Princess Maria Felicita of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Western_Hearts	True Western Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alida_Valli	Alida Valli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Dance_(1996_film)	Last Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Morse_(actor)	David Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitter_Tears_of_Petra_von_Kant	The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Nugent	Elliott Nugent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_and_the_Beast	Booty and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustle_(1975_film)	Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1937_film)	Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Simon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315808
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Train_from_Gun_Hill	Last Train from Gun Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawless_(film)	Lawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Ueto	Aya Ueto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voulez-Vous	Voulez-Vous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila_(1954_film)	Attila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennio_Morricone	Ennio Morricone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev_(singer)	Dev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_the_Coopers	Love the Coopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Sepultura	The Best of Sepultura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(Lost)	Cabin Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._T._Rama_Rao	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2646553
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Hate_Machine	Pretty Hate Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Million_Ways_to_Die	8 Million Ways to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objective,_Burma!	Objective, Burma!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal_Entertainment_Japan	NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_Than_Life	Bigger Than Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Nolte	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drum_(1938_film)	The Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drishti_(film)	Drishti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adua_and_Friends	Adua and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Dream_(Nelly_song)	Just a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blur_(band)	Blur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_Heaven	One Foot in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cartel_Records	El Cartel Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Alexander_Graham_Bell	The Story of Alexander Graham Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise_(The_Living_End_song)	White Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Señora	Shake Señora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(1982_film)	Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(film)	The Citadel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maternity_Leave_(Lost)	Maternity Leave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Lepistö	Sami Lepistö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Led_Zeppelin_song)	Heartbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_2_(film)	RED 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aanandham	Aanandham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_in_Paris_(film)	An American in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siren_(song)	The Siren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clan_of_the_Cave_Bear_(film)	The Clan of the Cave Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sterile_Cuckoo	The Sterile Cuckoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Apocalypse	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q161400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Carneros_AVA	Los Carneros AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_metal_music	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q38848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogue_(Madonna_song)	Vogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmendra	Dharmendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sea_Rose	South Sea Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25395
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Is_Greener	The Grass Is Greener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_(1955_film)	Angela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings_and_a_Funeral	Four Weddings and a Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Here_We_Are/Positive_Tension	So Here We Are/Positive Tension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Piano_in_the_House	A Piano in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Buck_Howard	The Great Buck Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarina_Wahab	Zarina Wahab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolanda_King	Yolanda King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_County,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108111
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_II	Kingdom Hearts II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(2010_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223559
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189081
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Bandits	Time Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Suspicion_(2000_film)	Under Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_7th_(film)	December 7th
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Only_Imagine_(David_Guetta_song)	I Can Only Imagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me,_I_Love_You	Love Me, I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Love_(Give_Me_Peace_on_Earth)	Give Me Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_My_Luck_(2006_film)	Just My Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Dear_to_My_Heart	So Dear to My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Blonde_(album)	Concrete Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Wanger's_Vogues_of_1938	Vogues of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_(1996_film)	Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Roland	Gilbert Roland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srividya	Srividya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò_Diabolicus	Tot\u00f2 Diabolicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_(1911_film)	The Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dingus_Magee	Dirty Dingus Magee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_(Akon_song)	Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unakkaga_Ellam_Unakkaga	Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Reign	You Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Death	Murder by Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_III_of_the_United_Kingdom	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q127318
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Newman_(screenwriter)	David Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea	South Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(1942_film)	Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aruiteru	Aruiteru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Song	Original Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_di_Bonaventura	Lorenzo di Bonaventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roop_Ki_Rani_Choron_Ka_Raja_(1993_film)	Roop Ki Rani Choron Ka Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practically_Yours	Practically Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Disk	Magic Disk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Goose_(film)	Father Goose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Präz	Präz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Ackland	Joss Ackland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_D._Moore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q549942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Kusa	Lava Kusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_with_the_Curve	Trouble with the Curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rodgers	Richard Rodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Lies	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q110397
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leni_Riefenstahl	Leni Riefenstahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Dive	Rocket Dive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Roulette	Chinese Roulette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(film)	Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Records	Mercury Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Kahn	Madeline Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(2009_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1809958
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Moore	Ted Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Wahlberg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q164119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Jai_Jagadish	Om Jai Jagadish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_Society	Prisoner of Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q45602
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Twin_Peaks)	Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa	Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskemen	Oskemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Xindi	The Xindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunahon_Ka_Devta_(1990_film)	Gunahon Ka Devta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Cort	Bud Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Coming_(The_Sopranos)	The Second Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Jim_(1909_film)	Lucky Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Fish	Passion Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awam_(film)	Awam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Allen_(actor)	Keith Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Car	Blue Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_(film)	Casper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_and_Anabelle	Elvis and Anabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Luck_Woman	Hard Luck Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kitsis	Edward Kitsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franchot_Tone	Franchot Tone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_in_Your_Mind	It's All in Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poonam_Dhillon	Poonam Dhillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Pia_of_Savoy	Maria Pia of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Warning_(1980_film)	Without Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Boehm	Sydney Boehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Alley_(film)	Thunder Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edguy	Edguy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1980_film)	Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Haim	Corey Haim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krodhi	Krodhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tsiselsky	Michael Tsiselsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartar,_Switzerland	Tartar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Quimby	Fred Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Madsen	Virginia Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_che_non_si_sappia_in_giro	Basta che non si sappia in giro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kings_(1999_film)	Three Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manpower!!!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1137303
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Song	War Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_(film)	Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Shark_Island	The Prisoner of Shark Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Matron	Carry On Matron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_a_Ghetto	The World Is a Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lage_Raho_Munna_Bhai	Lage Raho Munna Bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Jim	Lonesome Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winds_of_Change_(Eric_Burdon_&_the_Animals_album)	Winds of Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Spencer	Dorothy Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Araki	Gregg Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gwenn	Edmund Gwenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_California_(1910_film)	In Old California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Sikes	Bill Sikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_the_Rain_Must_Fall	Baby the Rain Must Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Eyes_(film)	Snake Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_and_Colette	Antoine and Colette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XIII:_The_Wisdom_of_Friends	The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Fudd	Elmer Fudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerland	Tigerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Demirchyan	Karen Demirchyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Exhibit	The New Exhibit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rustichelli	Carlo Rustichelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol	Claude Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Handsome	Johnny Handsome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetsons:_The_Movie	Jetsons: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_San_Gennaro	Operazione San Gennaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Lovers_Left_Alive	Only Lovers Left Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Caravan	The Mysterious Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Belongs_to_Daddy_(Desperate_Housewives)	My Heart Belongs to Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Allan	Elizabeth Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Monster	Fashion Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Vice_(film)	Miami Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Unmei	This is Unmei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Gonna_Kiss_Me_or_Not	Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Baby_(song)	Sweet Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Yakutsenya	Maxim Yakutsenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jathi_Malli	Jathi Malli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bell_Knoll	Blue Bell Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_(1969_film)	Justine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Animal	Big Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokkiri	Pokkiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1952_film)	Ivanhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Income_Tax_Sappy	Income Tax Sappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_II:_Journey_to_a_New_World	Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarete_Kupfer	Margarete Kupfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojan_Bazelli	Bojan Bazelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Comes_Across	The Princess Comes Across
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Galahad_(1937_film)	Kid Galahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Smart	Get Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visit_to_a_Small_Planet	Visit to a Small Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Romance	True Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Germain	Paul Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_keyboard	electronic keyboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(Morning_Musume_song)	Only You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_for_Margaret	Journey for Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikari:_The_Hunter	Shikari: The Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heard_Her_Call_My_Name	I Heard Her Call My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Couldn't_Take_It	She Couldn't Take It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimmie_Dat	Gimmie Dat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Honour	A Question of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Steinman	Jim Steinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Simmons_(album)	Gene Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Héctor_Elizondo	Héctor Elizondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_(1937_film)	Heidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Ford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212048
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Eyes_Only_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q332330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Records_(Japan)	King Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cromwell_(director)	John Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Blier	Bertrand Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Thief	To Catch a Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicol_Williamson	Nicol Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_on_the_Side	Boys on the Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhupa_Rustam	Chhupa Rustam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Enz	Split Enz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Boy_(Angel)	Dear Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_(Underworld_song)	Juanita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1948_film)	Anna Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Bhagyaraj	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3537602
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Petticoat	The Iron Petticoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_&_Round_(New_Order_song)	Round & Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruttu_Payale	Thiruttu Payale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_2	Predator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Palm_Springs	The Saint in Palm Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Big_Country	It's a Big Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Woman	That Certain Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Dulfer	Candy Dulfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q843402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_God_(Kaiser_Chiefs_song)	Oh My God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna:_Truth_or_Dare	Madonna: Truth or Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jolson	Al Jolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thenmavin_Kombath	Thenmavin Kombath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antichrist_(film)	The Antichrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_ne_meurt_que_deux_fois	On ne meurt que deux fois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_(The_Young_Ones)	Nasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely,_Maybe	Definitely, Maybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Kidd_(film)	Captain Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Russell	Gail Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Felix_du_Pont	A. Felix du Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Heslov	Grant Heslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priority_Records	Priority Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pas_toi	Pas toi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Eyes_(band)	Bright Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(2005_film)	Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guided_by_Voices	Guided by Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Fabrizi	Aldo Fabrizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Dubarry	A Modern Dubarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_(Ciara_song)	Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawdy_Tales	Bawdy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_the_World	Love the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(1964_film)	The Best Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Along_the_Way	Trouble Along the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hunter_(actor)	Ian Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladro_lui,_ladra_lei	Ladro lui, ladra lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Gore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q491583
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rade_Šerbedžija	Rade Šerbedžija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Ambersons_(film)	The Magnificent Ambersons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami_Takayama	Minami Takayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Liotta	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_Productions	Dharma Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Chicka_Wow_Wow	Bow Chicka Wow Wow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Shakedown	The Big Shakedown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_FaUSt	You Know FaUSt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_Dry_on_Their_Own	Tears Dry on Their Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_III	Jurassic Park III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_J._Urioste	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1274892
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trak_Entertainment	Star Trak Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hong	James Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Guitar	Johnny Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Fox	After the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Leave_Home	Don't Leave Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_strega_in_amore	La strega in amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carson_(writer)	Robert Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(1991_film)	Shattered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128758
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Have_to_Do_This	We Don't Have to Do This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_I_Love_My_Wife	I Think I Love My Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_University	New York University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIStory/Ghosts	HIStory/Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Get_A)_Grip_(On_Yourself)	(Get A) Grip (On Yourself)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Circulation	Back in Circulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dunlap	Paul Dunlap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Line	The French Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(2008_film)	King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Time	Remember the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomadoi_Nagara	Tomadoi Nagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Kahuna_(film)	The Big Kahuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Jawad	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25088
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Creatures_(film)	Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Élan_(song)	Élan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_Mountain_AVA	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2302339
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_Mac	CJ Mac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A9_(band)	Alice Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difficult_Years	Difficult Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audra_Lindley	Audra Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(film)	Clueless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_Cloudbase	Attack on Cloudbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Red	Deep Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Warren	Harry Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_(Chuck_Berry_album)	Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Place	Mary Kay Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Eclisse	Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_at_McCool's	One Night at McCool's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Gibbs	Antony Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaolin_Showdown	Xiaolin Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_(franchise)	Spy Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroad_(song)	Crossroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Storaro	Vittorio Storaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Russell	Theresa Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baelor	Baelor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q82104
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Light	The Love Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappei_Yamaguchi	Kappei Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oh_My_God_Delusion	The Oh My God Delusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Living	Desperate Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keli_(film)	Keli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_Heart_(film)	Change of Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_Steinkamp	Fredric Steinkamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Cafe	Kerala Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Fire_and_Flames	Through the Fire and Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thedi_Vandha_Mappillai	Thedi Vandha Mappillai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Glenville	Peter Glenville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Summer_Long_(John_Cale_song)	All Summer Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Payne_(film)	Max Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Giant_Cannon	Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Vaccaro	Brenda Vaccaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_V.I.P.s	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1630930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Without_Camelias	The Lady Without Camelias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happens_in_Vegas	What Happens in Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Cassel	Seymour Cassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watagatapitusberry	Watagatapitusberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Haley	Jack Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Highwayman	The Happy Highwayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1953_film)	Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Chapman_(cinematographer)	Michael Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepan_Krasovsky	Stepan Krasovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_No_Return	River of No Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro,_Switzerland	Claro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Stoll	Georgie Stoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_(film)	Midway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vidor	Charles Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Fu_Manchu	The Castle of Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_(2000_film)	The Contender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratheesh	Ratheesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Feather_(film)	White Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksharathettu	Aksharathettu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probe_7,_Over_and_Out	Probe 7, Over and Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Loved_Each_Other_So_Much	We All Loved Each Other So Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Moons	13 Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Verdone	Carlo Verdone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_A._Stokes	Frederick A. Stokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(Angel)	Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Simakov	Alexei Simakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Massachusetts_Amherst	University of Massachusetts Amherst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuition_(Jamie_Foxx_album)	Intuition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Rawlings	Terry Rawlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Dugan_Returns	Max Dugan Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_Weld	Tuesday Weld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvarna_Sundari	Suvarna Sundari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_folie_(album)	La Folie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabaash_Meena	Sabaash Meena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Kennedy	Edgar Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_(2002_film)	Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1997_film)	Anastasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_(song)	Tender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short-Wave_Mystery	The Short-Wave Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_of_the_Islands	Outcast of the Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_an_Actress	My Wife Is an Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xander_Berkeley	Xander Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Inch_Nails	Nine Inch Nails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingaa	Lingaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia	Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Reynolds	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202148
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind_(Lost)	Left Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu	Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_(1982_film)	Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Stole_a_Tram	They Stole a Tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genelia_D'Souza	Genelia D'Souza Deshmukh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Paquin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q199884
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_(film)	Mohawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilly_Scenes_of_Winter_(film)	Chilly Scenes of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(film)	Daredevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idle_Rich	The Idle Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_They_Died_For	What They Died For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Las_Vegas_(Macy_Gray_album)	Live in Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snitch_(film)	Snitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Walker,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q358403
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niclas_Bergfors	Niclas Bergfors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Southern	Terry Southern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Morgan	Tracy Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gallagher	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ants_in_the_Pantry	Ants in the Pantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandcastle_Disco	Sandcastle Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revengers_(film)	The Revengers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_(Sevendust_song)	Praise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Summer	Donna Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smallest_Show_on_Earth	The Smallest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Parton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180453
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Gable	Clark Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mass_(film)	Black Mass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Tonight	Waiting for Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Hamasaki	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188111
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Neutron:_Boy_Genius	Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sanders_(director)	Chris Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiple_Maniacs	Multiple Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhadkan	Dhadkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woyzeck_(1979_film)	Woyzeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Ladd	Diane Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended	Unintended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_(2002_Tamil_film)	Gemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Ferrer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Cow_Race	The Great Cow Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dragon_(film)	Red Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven:_A_Music_Company	Eleven: A Music Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_in_Portland	Not in Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(Nelly_album)	Sweat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenali_Ramakrishna_(film)	Tenali Ramakrishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonella_Lualdi	Antonella Lualdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Thin_Man	Another Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_Down	Track Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Smith	Patti Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestical_Parade	Majestical Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahleez	Dahleez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Dumb_Clucks	3 Dumb Clucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lauren_Adams	Joey Lauren Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Schwimmer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188792
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Carmody	Don Carmody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_III	Kingdom Hearts III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_and_Her_Boyfriend	Charlotte and Her Boyfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1951_film)	The River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Wick	Douglas Wick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_London	Greater London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Music	Love and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Blackboard	Murder on the Blackboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._Ackerman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q24296
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_(film)	Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Timm	Bruce Timm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Cute_Shinseinaru_Best_Album	2 Cute Shinseinaru Best Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_the_Sky	It Came from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(2015_film)	Unfinished Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43199
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Years_a_Slave_(film)	12 Years a Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davy_Crockett_and_the_River_Pirates	Davy Crockett and the River Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Mr._Bickford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3497306
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_(2008_film)	The Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruelty_and_the_Beast	Cruelty and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_(album)	Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Trouble	The Saint in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccolo_mondo_antico	Piccolo mondo antico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxfordshire	Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Croft_Tomb_Raider:_The_Cradle_of_Life	Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Idol	The Stone Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sint	Sint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_Zone	The Grey Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_(1936_film)	Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vairam:_Fight_for_Justice	Vairam: Fight for Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_Records_Group	Sanctuary Records Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickie_Roberts:_Former_Child_Star	Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loso's_Way	Loso's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanston,_Illinois	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q462799
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Bender's_Game	Futurama: Bender's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoi_Polloi_(1935_film)	Hoi Polloi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_McDermott	Dylan McDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pye_Records	Pye Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_(Gackt_album)	Crescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(2013_film)	The Great Gatsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_the_Way_You_Lie	Love the Way You Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Could_I_Leave_You%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q722405
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badle_Ki_Aag	Badle Ki Aag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Ellis-Bextor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28389
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Zimmer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q76364
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Records	Dot Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Gould	Anna Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrophenia	Quadrophenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_the_Sun	Sisters of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(film)	The Incredible Hulk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Crown	Nippon Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Astaire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q100937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Dancer	The Spanish Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Sidewalk_Ends	Where the Sidewalk Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Russell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103157
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Walken	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185051
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Steal_a_Million	How to Steal a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shomu_Mukherjee	Shomu Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Money_(film)	Even Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanshō/Mermaid	Kansh\u014d\/Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Soldier_(film)	The Return of the Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paternity_(film)	Paternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Command	Lost Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masks	The Masks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_e_mia_sorella	Io e mia sorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggle_(album)	Wiggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiend_Who_Walked_the_West	The Fiend Who Walked the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Blue	Monte Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Again_(Lenny_Kravitz_song)	Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kapelos	John Kapelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero's_Weekend	Nero's Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tour	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206145
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_on_Wood_(film)	Knock on Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ours_(song)	Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm	Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_1	Infinity 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Roeg	Nicolas Roeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamont	Charles Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Destroy_(film)	Search and Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Company	Sharpe's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner,_Jr.	Ring Lardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin_Glover	Crispin Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Years_(song)	Golden Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorba_the_Greek_(film)	Zorba the Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sieradz_County	Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passenger_(1975_film)	The Passenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Busey	Jake Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Chinlund	Nick Chinlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liechtenstein	Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountain	The Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Moore_(film_director)	Nick Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Candy	Black Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter_(1995_film)	The Scarlet Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drop_(film)	The Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_(Kumi_Koda_song)	Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Baragli	Nino Baragli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Girotti	Massimo Girotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Shot	The Last Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hutshing	Joe Hutshing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Chance_of_Love_(season_2)	second season of Real Chance of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Shop_Boys	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485625
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Garfield	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q23891
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1947_film)	Body and Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommokadidi_Sokokadidi	Sommokadidhi Sokokadidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Strange_Predicament	Mabel's Strange Predicament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Temptation_of_Christ_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q646031
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Award	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q123737
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise/Star	Promise/Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Inside_of_Me	Something Inside of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Bill	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fogerty	John Fogerty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portein	Portein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_José	José José
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shampoo_(film)	Shampoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rennie	Michael Rennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Camping	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q449207
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_(actor)	Vijay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Impostors	Among the Impostors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Ruins	My Life in Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undeclared	Undeclared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_Returns	The Invisible Man Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recreation_(film)	Recreation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Gaynor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182462
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Z._Leonard	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q269731
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhasini_Maniratnam	Suhasini Maniratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_with_Bret_Michaels_(season_1)	first season of Rock of Love with Bret Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Chicago	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131252
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shroud_of_Rahmon	The Shroud of Rahmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Only_Live_Twice_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q107761
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Voyager	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156329
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DragonForce	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarantula_(film)	Tarantula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Ballhaus	Florian Ballhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudor_Rose_(film)	Tudor Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Woodward	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1111542
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fox_(actor)	Edward Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(film)	Friday Night Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Iglesias	Alberto Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Coach	College Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_is_Beautiful_(Flow_song)	Life is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftab_Shivdasani	Aftab Shivdasani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Beholder	The Eye of the Beholder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_One_(film)	Air Force One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Forgives..._I_Don't!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1070548
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Kaye	Danny Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock,_Stock_and_Two_Smoking_Barrels	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q851095
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_(The-Dream_song)	My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Electric_Runabout	Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_(1966_film)	El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson	Michael Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rack_City	Rack City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velvet_Underground	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103550
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumar_Gaurav	Kumar Gaurav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Delicate	Super Delicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Light_Orchestra	Electric Light Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.B._(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1755157
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cotton_Club_(film)	The Cotton Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Jessica_Parker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q170530
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The-Dream	The-Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Helfrich_(film_editor)	Mark Helfrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan	Arnon Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infelici_e_contenti	Infelici e contenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Guru	The Love Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia	Estonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_visita	La visita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_(film)	Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216108
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_6	Girl 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Pink_Panther	Trail of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Snatcher	Picture Snatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Wood_(film_editor)	Craig Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invader_Invader	Invader Invader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_with_Me_(MercyMe_song)	Here with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Candlelight	In the Candlelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Petrovka	The Girl from Petrovka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldengirl	Goldengirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Giroux	Ray Giroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopper_City_in_the_Ghetto	Chopper City in the Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaze/Okuru_Kotoba	Kaze\/Okuru Kotoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(1929_film)	Bulldog Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Shaiman	Marc Shaiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Men	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221090
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nil_by_Mouth_(film)	Nil by Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There	Being There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levon_Helm	Levon Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_&_Company	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Mukomberanwa	Grace Mukomberanwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loni_Anderson	Loni Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_(T-Pain_song)	Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_About_It_All_the_Time	I Think About It All the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_(film)	Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End...	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1934479
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhie_Kabhie_(1976_film)	Kabhie Kabhie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri_(album)	Tri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should've_Said_No	Should've Said No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_Robin_Hood_and_His_Merry_Mouse	Tom and Jerry: Robin Hood and His Merry Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_of_Love	Satellite of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Beat_(film)	Heart Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurtnellen	Gurtnellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior's_Husband	The Warrior's Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_(Kumi_Koda_song)	Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Busey	Gary Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q462447
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Airman's_Letter_to_His_Mother	An Airman's Letter to His Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang_Rides_Again	The Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Friend	The American Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_a_Deadly_Spell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q449335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Davis_(animator)	Arthur Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_an_Adventuress	I Was an Adventuress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Russo	James Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_We_Meet_Again	'Til We Meet Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Cumberbatch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244674
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_That_Never_Cross_a_Man's_Mind	Things That Never Cross a Man's Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On..._Up_the_Khyber	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q448090
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Andrews	Giuseppe Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa	Akira Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Trip_Home	Safe Trip Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Nath	Prem Nath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Seventh_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Seventh Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himesh_Reshammiya	Himesh Reshammiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Puerto_Rico	San Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four-Headed_Dragon	The Four-Headed Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELO_2	ELO 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._W._Griffith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q51123
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_by_Chance	Luck by Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Nilsson	Harry Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_(film)	Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_on_the_Bus	Get on the Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Keel	Howard Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_in_the_Haunted_World	Hercules in the Haunted World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_Seven_Nights	Six Days Seven Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Hero_No._1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3410417
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_Fire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207921
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Frank_James	The Return of Frank James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Schwartz	Josh Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108525
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Plan_(film)	The Game Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Afraid_of_the_Dark_(2010_film)	Don't Be Afraid of the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(franchise)	Dragnet franchise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Amor_(José_José_album)	Amor Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_It_Out_of_My_Head	Can't Get It Out of My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Miller	Marcus Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_(Drake_song)	Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarn,_Switzerland	Sarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q347473
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Spybey	Dina Spybey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Championship_Season_(1982_film)	That Championship Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Rose_(film)	The Name of the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Hooky	Spooky Hooky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Crenna	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q318607
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Question_Is_What_Is_the_Question%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q720646
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mickey_Mouse_Club	The Mickey Mouse Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Prayer	Player's Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_fiction	mystery fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Comet	The Blue Comet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Innocence_(1993_film)	The Age of Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samvrutha_Sunil	Samvrutha Sunil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_(Busta_Rhymes_album)	The Big Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy_(Busta_Rhymes_album)	Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_(film)	Suzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraband_for_Dead_Lovers	Saraband for Dead Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_(Arashi_song)	Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_O'Hara	Catherine O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Mr_Pitt	The Young Mr Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_no_Hitorigurashi_/_Aitte_Motto_Zanshin	Tokai no Hitorigurashi / Aitte Motto Zanshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Chickadee	My Little Chickadee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1937_film)	The Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_role-playing_game	action role-playing game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gambon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_(1966_film)	Penelope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Ray_(1936_film)	The Invisible Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Cooper	Alice Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dude_(Devin_the_Dude_album)	The Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Gets_You_thru_the_Night	Whatever Gets You thru the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka	Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Heat	Red Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485716
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Live	I Wanna Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_on_My_Knee_(film)	Banjo on My Knee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blown_Away_(1994_film)	Blown Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_New_Profession	His New Profession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August:_Osage_County_(film)	August: Osage County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewood_(film)	Rosewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egao_no_Mama_de	Egao no Mama de
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Blonde	Concrete Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Hearts_(1966_film)	King of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger:_The_Story_of_Joan_of_Arc	The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_LaPaglia	Anthony LaPaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Almost_Not_Crazy:_John_Cassavetes,_the_Man_and_His_Work	I'm Almost Not Crazy: John Cassavetes, the Man and His Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Risk,_No_Gain	No Risk, No Gain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padma_Bhushan	Padma Bhushan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_No_Man_Has_Gone_Before	Where No Man Has Gone Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Seishun_no_Hikari	Memory Seishun no Hikari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Gibb	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188482
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Humor_(film)	College Humor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Dann_and_Gardner_Dozois_Ace_anthology_series	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6112004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Poranthachu	Thai Poranthachu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_Records	Track Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pigeon_That_Took_Rome	The Pigeon That Took Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_and_the_Fury_(1959_film)	The Sound and the Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Thing_(2_Unlimited_song)	The Real Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metello	Metello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_(1982_film)	Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Schellenberg	The Brothers Schellenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Father_(film)	Dear Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Sands	Julian Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lise_Mayer	Lise Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Madonna_song)	Hey You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Is_Bleeding	Romeo Is Bleeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Tunes	Same Old Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_of_Mary_Dugan_(1941_film)	The Trial of Mary Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi_Moore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43044
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Location:_COLD	Location: COLD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Haller	Daniel Haller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Rebel	Teenage Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_with_the_Devil_(film)	Ride with the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_Time_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Nick of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hell_(film)	From Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blocker	David Blocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refuse/Resist	Refuse/Resist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_(film)	Jolene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockabye_(1932_film)	Rockabye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Phoenix_(2004_film)	Flight of the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimon_Sofer	Simon Schreiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren'ai_Revolution_21	Ren'ai Revolution 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geordie_(film)	Geordie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Free_Soul	A Free Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Addison	John Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby,_Stills,_Nash_&_Young	Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Minnesota	Feeling Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Weitz	Chris Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hume	Alan Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Film	Lux Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turturro	John Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_(John_Lennon_song)	Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Murder_(film)	The Perfect Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Florette	Jean de Florette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._McGowan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3435067
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Shaye	Lin Shaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_(1939_film)	The Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Ikimasshoi!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1188018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyze_That	Analyze That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Fog_(film)	Out of the Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks	Twin Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_New_Hampshire_(film)	The Hotel New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_That_Failed_(1939_film)	The Light That Failed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Uyir_Nee_Thaane	En Uyir Nee Thaane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lions_(film)	The Young Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Package_(Lost)	The Package
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Yuen	Anita Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_of_Olden_Times	Naples of Olden Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antastulu	Antastulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rite	Death Rite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Farrow	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202725
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Linus	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q906484
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogy_(film)	Eulogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smack_That	Smack That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Kara_Unger	Deborah Kara Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_(band)	Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_2:_The_Adventure_Home	Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Cecchi_Gori	Vittorio Cecchi Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Soil	The Burning Soil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyamani	Priyamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyd_(actor)	William Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_in_Viva_Rock_Vegas	The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papers_(song)	Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinto_Brass	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312472
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopussy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204398
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovesick_(1983_film)	Lovesick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udo_Kier	Udo Kier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_White_(film_producer)	Jack White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_the_Two_of_Us_(Porter_Wagoner_and_Dolly_Parton_album)	Just the Two of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachute_Jumper	Parachute Jumper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payback_(1999_film)	Payback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crime_Club	The Crime Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitbull_(rapper)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interrupted_Melody	Interrupted Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roselyn_Sánchez	Roselyn Sánchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Dickens	Chris Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Riviera	On the Riviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Riddick	The Chronicles of Riddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvigo	Arvigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Foy	Bryan Foy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Steps_(1935_film)	The 39 Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_International_Man_of_Mystery	Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfaithful	The Unfaithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_You_(film)	Lucky You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boulanger	Daniel Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stuart_Masterson	Mary Stuart Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Sharp	Don Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Andersson_(ice_hockey)	Jonas Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss	The Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangla_Desh_(song)	Bangla Desh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightrider_(song)	Nightrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Dynamo_Moscow	HC Dynamo Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel,_King_of_Denmark	Abel of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_and_Make_Them_Die	Se Tutte le Donne del Mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Earth	Another Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlot	Merlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Pickens	Slim Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Rider	Pale Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Richard_and_the_Crusaders	King Richard and the Crusaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA	ABBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howl_(2010_film)	Howl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_(film)	Battle Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Male_Animal	The Male Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneham_Kosam	Sneham Kosam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Russell_(film)	Lillian Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarus	Belarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anger_Management_(film)	Anger Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy,_Wealthy_and_Dumb	Healthy, Wealthy and Dumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt	Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Soprano,_Jr.	Anthony Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooklyn	Crooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Morrow	Rob Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakkar_Entertainment	Drakkar Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Document_(album)	Document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Stop	How Do You Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Gillian_on_Her_37th_Birthday	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2269039
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Cunard	Grace Cunard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dany_(film)	Dany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_MF	Sexy MF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1975_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1975 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready,_Willing,_and_Able_(film)	Ready, Willing, and Able
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(1969_film)	True Grit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Dunn_(cinematographer)	Andrew Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General's_Daughter_(film)	The General's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(Madonna_song)	Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabolous	Fabolous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farseekers	The Farseekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funtastic_World_of_Hanna-Barbera_(ride)	The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_a_Pope_(film)	We Have a Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guise_Will_Be_Guise	Guise Will Be Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda	Uganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(1999_film)	American Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_(1990_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q222018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tramp	Royal Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Round_(Fat_Joe_song)	Another Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Anniversary	1st Anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messages_from_Earth	Messages from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Window	The Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Heil	Reinhold Heil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_Lawson	John Howard Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Friday_Night_(T.G.I.F.)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q746875
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Zborowski	Piotr Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton	Jim Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One,_Two,_Three	One, Two, Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falera	Falera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Birkin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212873
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniper_(1993_film)	Sniper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytherea_(film)	Cytherea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova's_Big_Night	Casanova's Big Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Vishnyakov	Albert Vishnyakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rebhorn	James Rebhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumpet	trumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Away	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213411
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boney_Kapoor	Boney Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_B._Greenberg	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1271389
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Hogs	Wild Hogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Meyers	Nancy Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodletting_(Concrete_Blonde_album)	Bloodletting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_I_Never	I Hope I Never
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Lift	De Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Griffin	Meg Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_Thriller_(music_video)	Michael Jackson's Thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Alley	Paradise Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cromwell	James Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Mandalay_(film)	The Road to Mandalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida	Frida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careful_(Paramore_song)	Careful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw's_Silver	The Outlaw's Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Nile_(1978_film)	Death on the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers_2000	Blues Brothers 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fired_Up!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1418881
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenen_Ivory_Wayans	Keenen Ivory Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usher_(singer)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q165911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(1989_film)	Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Police_Commissioner	The Police Commissioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goodman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q215072
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_(2011_film)	The Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Locked_Room	The Locked Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_London	An American Werewolf in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limitless_(TV_series)	Limitless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_OK	Say OK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Jordan_2:_Mystery_of_the_Phantom_Pooper	Queen of Jordan 2: Mystery of the Phantom Pooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chokkan_2_(Nogashita_Sakana_wa_Ōkiizo!)	Chokkan 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Minding_the_Mint%3F	Who's Minding the Mint?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Nation	Roc Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_and_the_Woman	The Man and the Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Cellini	The Affairs of Cellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_War	Vietnam War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Oh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40337
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Street_(1929_film)	Side Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Heat	City Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon_Spy	The Pentagon Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Milli	A Milli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Couch_Trip	The Couch Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons	The Jetsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Massey	Edith Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respect_My_Conglomerate	Respect My Conglomerate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Blasetti	Alessandro Blasetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daas	Daas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Are_(Gloria_Estefan_song)	Here We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Cole	Lester Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Miniver_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q478371
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fellow_Americans	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1305069
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeni_Fyodorov	Yevgeny Fyodorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Met_by_Moonlight_(film)	Ill Met by Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gebran_Tueni	Gebran Tueni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jürgen_Prochnow	Jürgen Prochnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Waldo	Janet Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me,_Boys!	Follow Me, Boys!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bring_Me_Down_(The_Animals_song)	Don't Bring Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Asked_Me_Why_I_Believe_in_You	They Asked Me Why I Believe in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Williams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busta_Rhymes	Busta Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt_Curtin	Hoyt Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Blanc	Mel Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Affairs	Private Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechoslovakia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q33946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saathi_(1991_film)	Saathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clambakes_Series_Vol._1	The Clambakes Series Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_and_Over_(Every_Little_Thing_song)	Over and Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_(1967_film)	The Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(film)	Lost in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_Bay_(film)	Botany Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_for_Five	Table for Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Dagger	Flying Dagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye_Natsuo	Good Bye Natsuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Rat_and_a_Baby	Brother Rat and a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Lenoir	Denis Lenoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zelag_Goodman	David Zelag Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_(musician)	BT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Back_Up_(T.I._song)	Get Back Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lister_Jr.	Tom Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Simon	Chris Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chávez_Ravine_(album)	Chávez Ravine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Nobody_(Faith_Evans_song)	Ain't Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninotchka	Ninotchka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_(song)	Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_Hard	Rage Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Stillman	Joe Stillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Raiders	Casino Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Harlan	Russell Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl_(film)	Grey Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Desert,_California	Palm Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Away_(George_Harrison_song)	Dream Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Below	Hell Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Pittsburgh_(film)	The Mysteries of Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(1946_film)	Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hordern	Michael Hordern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Hell_and_Back_(film)	To Hell and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Yanagishima	Katsumi Yanagishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Day_Takes_You	Where the Day Takes You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President_Vanishes_(film)	The President Vanishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_Records	K Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyboard_instrument	keyboard instrument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1994_film)	Little Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_High_Is_Up%3F	How High Is Up?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovai_Sarala	Kovai Sarala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Atlas_(film)	Cloud Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_(Breaking_Benjamin_song)	Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Road_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q276299
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1247463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Woman	Another Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McIntire	Tim McIntire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorimar_Television	Lorimar Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Real_Martian_Please_Stand_Up%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2705611
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Voices	White Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Ahoy	Ship Ahoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_(film_series)	Godfather trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Man's_Lady	The Great Man's Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunnally_Johnson	Nunnally Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pandora_Principle	The Pandora Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cat	Tom the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_(2000_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220423
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_&_Prejudice_(2005_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270385
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Men_of_Missouri	Bad Men of Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_Domine	Astronomy Domine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_on_the_River	Rhythm on the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockard_Channing	Stockard Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_and_Mike	Pat and Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Scola	Ettore Scola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren'ai_Rider	Ren'ai Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balloonatic	The Balloonatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Destruction_(song)	Mass Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_on_a_Scandal_(film)	Notes on a Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krrish	Krrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneeland	Schneeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajal_Aggarwal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q224962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Loder_(actor)	John Loder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_Are_Always_with_Us	The Rich Are Always with Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome,_Reverend!	Welcome, Reverend!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_Celluloid	Romance of Celluloid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendition_(film)	Rendition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Sun	Blood on the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Nilsson	Kent Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Browning_Version_(1994_film)	The Browning Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersections_in_Real_Time	Intersections in Real Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Faith_Hill_song)	Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wherever_You_Are_(Mic_Geronimo_song)	Wherever You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Somebody	Somewhere Somebody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tamarind_Seed	The Tamarind Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor,_My_Son	Professor, My son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Palisades,_Los_Angeles	Pacific Palisades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner	Jordan Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindergarten_Cop	Kindergarten Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk,_Don't_Run	Walk, Don't Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Weekend_in_the_Country	A Weekend in the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_from_an_Unknown_Woman_(1948_film)	Letter from an Unknown Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_and_Fog	Shadows and Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Davies	Ray Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Saturday_Night	Another Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_vs._the_Four	Toto vs the Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawa_County	Rawa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_(film)	Chloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sarandon	Chris Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas	Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loved_One_(film)	The Loved One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjatta_Raita	Marjatta Raita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ticket_to_Tomahawk	A Ticket to Tomahawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixels_(2015_film)	Pixels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Best_Friend	Chuck Versus the Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupe_Vélez	Lupe Vélez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadim_Krasnoslobodtsev	Vadim Krasnoslobodtsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Nobody	My Name is Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Louise_Parker	Mary-Louise Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raspberry_Beret	Raspberry Beret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martians_Go_Home_(film)	Martians Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_(singer)	Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Self_Destruct	Before I Self Destruct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFace_Records	LaFace Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udhaya	Udhaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Lightning_(film)	Chain Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Mikhnov	Alexei Mikhnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Machine	Silver Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Caraboo_(film)	Princess Caraboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Continenza	Sandro Continenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Mobster	I Mobster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q148659
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Reeve	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174311
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(1975_film)	The Stepford Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(TV_series)	Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Light_(song)	The Inner Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Polanski	Roman Polanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Shroff	Jackie Shroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakıp_Sabancı	Faruk Karakaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Rocco	Alex Rocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Crichton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172140
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_Howe	James Wong Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driver_8	Driver 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmeet_Sethi	Parmeet Sethi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul	Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marat_Fakhrutdinov	Marat Fakhrutdinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Rosy	Temporale Rosy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Faustus_(1967_film)	Doctor Faustus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardsman	The Guardsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_More_Years_(song)	Two More Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfly_(film)	Barfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Blind	Goin' Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motel_Life_(film)	The Motel Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_List	My List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(1922_film)	Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_(1997_film)	The Borrowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Talkin'	Tequila Talkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranjith_(director)	Ranjith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_(film)	My Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Sutherland	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103784
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddy_System_(film)	The Buddy System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_&_Long	Dark & Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Ward_Baker	Roy Ward Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne	Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coquillon	John Coquillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Rickles	Don Rickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_Records	Radioactive Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Time_(film)	High Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychological_thriller	psychological thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_Get_It_(film)	Come and Get It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigourney_Weaver	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q102124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Little_One_(song)	Hey Little One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Richard	Cliff Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Brand	Neville Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suburbs_/_Month_of_May	The Suburbs / Month of May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(2016_film)	Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Be_Mine_(Michael_Jackson_song)	Baby Be Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219315
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Evil_My_Love	So Evil My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talons_(song)	Talons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAMA_Mia!	NAMA Mia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Ivey	Judith Ivey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Daughter	Ryan's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troma_Entertainment	Troma Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Boyle	Peter Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Street	The Naked Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/André_Previn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q155712
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_(album)	Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_in_Your_Eyes	The Story in Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhse_Shaadi_Karogi	Mujhse Shaadi Karogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Difficult_Life	A Difficult Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscreet_(1958_film)	Indiscreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gett_Off	Gett Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Gaim	Kamen Rider Gaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Debaters	The Great Debaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_onorevoli	Gli onorevoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Back_Room	The Small Back Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman/Shazam!:_The_Return_of_Black_Adam	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q11895326
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley_Serenade	Sun Valley Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflicting_Emotions	Conflicting Emotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Soul_Music_(London_Boys_song)	Sweet Soul Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Crowne	Larry Crowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clapton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q48187
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh..._Rosalinda!!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3429874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota	Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_Video_45	Duran Duran Video 45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipstream_(1989_film)	Slipstream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseland_(film)	Roseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_for_Sale_(film)	Heroes for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nimaime	The Nimaime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Lewis	Damian Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Stewart	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Marsden	Jason Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ribisi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q224081
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eenie_Meenie	Eenie Meenie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jason_Leigh	Jennifer Jason Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Belong_to_You_(Lenny_Kravitz_song)	I Belong to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shonali_Bose	Shonali Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denshi_Sentai_Denziman	Denshi Sentai Denziman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_tha_X-Treme	To tha X-Treme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_a_Tightrope	Man on a Tightrope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Robinson	Casey Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Touch	The Light Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiots_Are_People_Three!	Idiots Are People Three!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Lively_(1944_film)	Step Lively
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Yours	I'll Be Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_album	live album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot_Rothwell	Talbot Rothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodder	Flodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_(film)	Conspiracy Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1978_film)	Heaven Can Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilwaala	Dilwaala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/’O_Re	'O Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(1978_film)	Coming Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharam_Kanta	Dharam Kanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rains_of_Ranchipur	The Rains of Ranchipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spione	Spione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(1982_film)	Tempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahama_Crisis	Bahama Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Combs	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q216936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Loves_Mary	John Loves Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Countess	The White Countess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Barr	Nathan Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara	Sayonara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_as_I_Was_to_You	Good as I Was to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Hamner,_Jr.	Earl Hamner, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Ameche	Don Ameche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Haneefa	Cochin Haneefa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fleischer	Richard Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_a_Cabaret	Caught in a Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Sunday	Sunday Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves'_Highway	Thieves' Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Perkins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193146
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_on_a_Horse_(film)	Three Men on a Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Around_the_World_(Oasis_song)	All Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_a_Great_Notion_(film)	Sometimes a Great Notion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_Other_People	Sleeping with Other People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Poetry	The Savage Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_to_War	Path to War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bravados	The Bravados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Prince_(1974_film)	The Little Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Family_Moomintroll	Finn Family Moomintroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Your_Car	Move Your Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il..._Belpaese	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3792544
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insaaf_Ki_Awaaz	Insaaf Ki Awaaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh	Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_(1994_film)	The Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q318766
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Bosè	Lucia Bosè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Guitry	Sacha Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Huffman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190519
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Target	Hard Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alan_Aurthur	Robert Alan Aurthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hemings	James Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punnaram_Cholli_Cholli	Punnaram Cholli Cholli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_(film)	Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_We_Know	All We Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dog..._Again	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1192729
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervention_(song)	Intervention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Under_the_Sea	City Under the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(1948_film)	Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Monicelli	Mario Monicelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_In_Siberia	Surfing In Siberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(1986_film)	Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Bedfellows_(1965_film)	Strange Bedfellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_CBI_Diary_Kurippu	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7105117
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Volga_Boatman_(film)	The Volga Boatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen	Wolfgang Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Clarke_Duncan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483148
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_McGinty	The Great McGinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Indies	Anne of the Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Nights	Harlem Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(Lost)	The Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_Terra	Battle for Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daadagiri	Daadagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Screams	Africa Screams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lootere	Lootere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Seleznev	Yakov Seleznev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_to_Watch_Over_Me_(film)	Someone to Watch Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(1987_film)	Black Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Spinetti	Victor Spinetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.P.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3012553
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Smight	Jack Smight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elke_Sommer	Elke Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rage_in_Harlem_(film)	A Rage in Harlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_Nath	Rajendra Nath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Film_Johnnie	A Film Johnnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Stevenson	Juliet Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Deep_(1989_film)	Skin Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncivil_Warriors	Uncivil Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratislava	Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bischoff	Samuel Bischoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home_Roscoe_Jenkins	Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_This_Way_(Glee)	Born This Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change-Up	The Change-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossano_Brazzi	Rossano Brazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Racers	The Wild Racers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cat_(1941_film)	The Black Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lindsay	Margaret Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Forbes	Bryan Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Crazy	Let's Go Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maytime_(1937_film)	Maytime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Brickman	Marshall Brickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/License_to_Drive	License to Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Days_of_Your_Life	Best Days of Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Anton	Edoardo Anton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaani_Dushman:_Ek_Anokhi_Kahani	Jaani Dushman: Ek Anokhi Kahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Do_(Party)	How We Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long,_Hot_Summer	The Long, Hot Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Astor	Mary Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raid_(1954_film)	The Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Dream_(Katy_Perry_song)	Teenage Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donn_Cambern	Donn Cambern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystic	The Mystic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dvorak	Ann Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Cruising_Love/Macaroni	Baby Cruising Love/Macaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_(1965_film)	The Nanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binetsu	Binetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermini	supermini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Way_to_Go!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q521136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprice_Italian_Style	Caprice Italian Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Women_(1967_film)	Prehistoric Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Chirari	Sakura Chirari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_Dance_(novel)	Cemetery Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trojan_Women_(film)	The Trojan Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Lips_(1937_film)	Dreaming Lips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Munday	Barry Munday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Curtis	Cliff Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_Evidence	Physical Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Ebsen	Buddy Ebsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Prestwich	Dawn Prestwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Rolls-Royce	The Yellow Rolls-Royce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_noir	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223701
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dreamz	American Dreamz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gatins	John Gatins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_Girl	Thank You Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lipson	Jack Lipson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Man_(Mike_Oldfield_song)	Family Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuki_no_Uta	Tsuki no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfäfers	Pfäfers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Karpovtsev	Alexander Karpovtsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tykwer	Tom Tykwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_John_and_Yoko	The Ballad of John and Yoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Hyde	Jonathan Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_11	Ocean's 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Ettlin	Lukas Ettlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_Told	The Greatest Story Ever Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaulay_Culkin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q103578
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitors_(ABBA_album)	The Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Zimmerman_(film_editor)	Don Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltz_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Cool_(song)	Play It Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Had_a_Million	If I Had a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowland_V._Lee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q618330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artisan_Entertainment	Artisan Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erol_Sabancı	Erol Sabancı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home,_Sweet_Home_(1914_film)	Home, Sweet Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliyon_Ki_Raasleela_Ram-Leela	Goliyon Ki Rasleela Ram-Leela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Life_and_Love	Of Life and Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Harmony_(Bright_album)	In Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_no_Tame_ni.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2827756
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Zero_Two	Moon Zero Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramrod_(film)	Ramrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Automobiles	Fiat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalifornia	Kalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Storm_(film)	The Perfect Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_ibn_Ali	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Roses	Three Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comrade_X	Comrade X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snegithiye	Snegithiye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_(film)	Doctor Dolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_in_Action_(film)	Missing in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Drivers_(film)	Hell Drivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Holliman	Earl Holliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Giarraputo	Jack Giarraputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(1969_film)	The Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogadaboogadaboogada!	Boogadaboogadaboogada!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshis'	Takeshis'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_White_Female	Single White Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_(film)	Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aashirvad_Cinemas	Aashirvad Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuvan_Shankar_Raja	Yuvan Shankar Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Wookiee	Chuck Versus the Wookiee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking,_Walking	Walking, Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Demagin	Sergei Demagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Down_the_House_(film)	Bringing Down the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravan_Raaj:_A_True_Story	Ravan Raaj: A True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shararat_(2002_film)	Shararat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol's_Frankenstein	Andy Warhol's Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Led_Zeppelin_song)	Thank You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Cause_(film)	Just Cause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_on_the_Saint	Count on the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Breath_of_Scandal	A Breath of Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand_(1950_film)	Quicksand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Crunk	Kings of Crunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drohkaal	Drohkaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_(film)	City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Carson	Jack Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey_(2004_film)	The Bridge of San Luis Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Don't_Go_(Fabolous_song)	Baby Don't Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Goodrem	Delta Goodrem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Up_the_Radio_(Madonna_song)	Turn Up the Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Singapore	Road to Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Business	Misery Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Global	We Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Brand_New_World	There's a Brand New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia	British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelo_Zarvos	Marcelo Zarvos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharky's_Machine_(film)	Sharky's Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Littleton	Carol Littleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_End_of_Time_(film)	Till the End of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Nuys,_Los_Angeles	Van Nuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Worry_Kyoko_(Mummy's_Only_Looking_for_Her_Hand_in_the_Snow)	Don't Worry Kyoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lately_I	Lately I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Termites_of_1938	Termites of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Griffin	Chris Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_Nanka_Buttobase	Scandal Nanka Buttobase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_You_Know_You're_Beautiful	Don't You Know You're Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Something_(David_Guetta_song)	Give Me Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Man_(film)	Little Big Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Miles_Out_(song)	Five Miles Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farley_Granger	Farley Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_(film)	Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Trovajoli	Armando Trovaioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_World_(1956_film)	It's a Wonderful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Shevtsov	Oleg Shevtsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_(1993_film)	Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Fighter	Dream Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1944_film)	The Bodyguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Christmas	Sharpe's Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Prince-Bythewood	Gina Prince-Bythewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Peterson_Haddix	Margaret Peterson Haddix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Challis	Christopher Challis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up!_(1976_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1261757
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Arthur	Jean Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro_–_Suomen_tasavallan_herra_presidentti	Uuno Turhapuro \u2013 Suomen tasavallan herra presidentti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(franchise)	Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne	Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_One_with_a_Bullet_(film)	Number One with a Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Earp	James Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle_2	Dr. Dolittle 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_(film)	Arabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_a_Mall	Scenes from a Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Remsen	Bert Remsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hemings	Mary Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife,_the_Movie_Star	My Wife, the Movie Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Yadav	Ravi Yadav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Cruz_(film)	Vera Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Åkerlund	Jonas Åkerlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenda_Jackson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182408
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fleet's_In	The Fleet's In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Flesh_(film)	Live Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flush_(song)	Royal Flush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(film)	Stand by Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Laughing	Carry On Laughing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mills	John Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Clouse	Robert Clouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa	South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Renoir	Claude Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_L._Todd	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2865185
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignorance_(song)	Ignorance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuki_Levy	Shuki Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_McGill	Bernard McGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Constable	Carry On Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Valiant_(1997_film)	Prince Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Hollywood,_Los_Angeles	North Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Jackson	Wilfred Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Together_(film)	Staying Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_De_Masi	Francesco De Masi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Baby_Gone	Gone Baby Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_on_the_Rhine	Watch on the Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanka_Trump	Ivanka Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusement_Park_(song)	Amusement Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_(1958_film)	Gigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bitzer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q329965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rad_(film)	Rad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoom	Dhoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_contro_tutti	Fantozzi contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandalous!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3475003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Woman_(film)	The Sunday Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers_(film_series)	Austin Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Numan	Gary Numan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1	VH1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Peg_o'_the_Ring	The Adventures of Peg o' the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Fur_(film)	Venus in Fur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Rodeo	Blue Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Dollars	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q76479
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Mission	Dangerous Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Sutra:_A_Tale_of_Love	Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassius_(song)	Cassius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventing_the_Abbotts	Inventing the Abbotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dew_Process	Dew Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perils_of_Penelope_Pitstop	The Perils of Penelope Pitstop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortdecai_(film)	Mortdecai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_Roars_(1932_film)	The Crowd Roars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Glass	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189729
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comfort_of_Strangers_(film)	The Comfort of Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_Templar_Treasure	The Saint and the Templar Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sides_Live	Three Sides Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Fire_to_the_Rain	Set Fire to the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Barwick	Tony Barwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_MacMurray	Fred MacMurray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Agutter	Jenny Agutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_(1954_film)	Ulysses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_World	A Perfect World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangla_Academy_Award	Bangla Academy Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trishul_(film)	Trishul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Consideration_(film)	For Your Consideration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(album)	The Song Remains the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_15	Little 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Night	Shadow of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clavado_En_Un_Bar	Clavado En Un Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_Plate	Life on a Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_to_Wed	Easy to Wed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Miller_(playwright)	Jason Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land_(Lost)	Stranger in a Strange Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengaria_of_Portugal	Berengaria of Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Jackson_(1988_film)	Action Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Fall	Legends of the Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsara_Kanavu	Minsara Kanavu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwyneth_Paltrow	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34460
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethir_Neechal_(1968_film)	Ethir Neechal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Preston	Douglas Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(2010_film)	Never Let Me Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiseki_(Kumi_Koda_song)	Kiseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Rue_Madeleine	13 Rue Madeleine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Siu-Keung	Cheng Siu-Keung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chase	David Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Runner	The Indian Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripperella	Stripperella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q578809
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadim_Glovatsky	Vadim Glovatsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violator_(album)	Violator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Fitzgerald	Geraldine Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Men	Soul Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingwood_(album)	Kingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Free	Absolutely Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_(film)	Diane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn	Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Blanke	Henry Blanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Cortese	Valentina Cortese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stevens	Ray Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_(song)	Jeremy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlong_(song)	Headlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr	Ringo Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brides_of_Fu_Manchu	The Brides of Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_song)	Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Money	The Color of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_I_of_Portugal	Sancho I of Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Colony	Vietnam Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_II_of_Norway	Eric II of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardens_of_Stone	Gardens of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Somebody	Joe Somebody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Friday	Next Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkes_(actor)	John Hawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_(film)	Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_(1975_film)	Tommy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Robbins_(composer)	Richard Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Montuori	Carlo Montuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Six_(novel)	Deep Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Aubrac_(film)	Lucie Aubrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynaldo_Villalobos	Reynaldo Villalobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ballhaus	Michael Ballhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pirate	The Prince and the Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Akhmetov	Rafael Akhmetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Bikini	Operation Bikini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanashimi_Twilight	Kanashimi Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Robin_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q276523
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q478626
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Morton	Joe Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pellegrino	Mark Pellegrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milius	John Milius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Stout	Archie Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Katie_Elder	The Sons of Katie Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Things	The Shape of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Done_(song)	Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenging_Conscience	The Avenging Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_ni_Iruzee!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1137307
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Garrix	Martin Garrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Airport_Mystery	The Great Airport Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Going_on_30	13 Going on 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Horowitz	Adam Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tree_Grows_in_Brooklyn_(film)	A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Antonelli	Laura Antonelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Way_(song)	My Own Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities_(Lost)	A Tale of Two Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Episode_III_–_Revenge_of_the_Sith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42051
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Doctor	Carry On Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Territory	Virgin Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_More_of_Samoa	Some More of Samoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solanin_(song)	Solanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(2002_film)	Bad Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Wolves	The Sea Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Take_That_Away_(Mariah's_Theme)	Can't Take That Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duniya_(1984_film)	Duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Dutt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisan	Paisà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_(2012_film)	The Three Stooges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_in_the_North_Atlantic	Action in the North Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Party_(film)	The Birthday Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Washington	Kerry Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Always_Be_My)_Sunshine	(Always Be My) Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Everything	Hello Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Gross	Larry Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Potter's_Wheel	At the Potter's Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(Japanese_band)	Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkheart_(film)	Inkheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_Discussion	White, Discussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behold_a_Pale_Horse_(film)	Behold a Pale Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cumming	Alan Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Holiday	Christmas Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karimpinpoovinakkare	Karimpinpoovinakkare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstine_Fiil	Kirstine Fiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Page_(1974_film)	The Front Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaipayuthey	Alaipayuthey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flat_for_Three	A Flat for Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Love_Me,_Let_Me_Know	If You Love Me, Let Me Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Lowe	Rob Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Has_Changed	Everything Has Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Red_Wings	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194116
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chichester_du_Pont	Richard Chichester du Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Hollywood	Going Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife's_Relations	My Wife's Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Super_Stars'_Pepe_Le_Pew:_Zee_Best_of_Zee_Best	Looney Tunes Super Stars' Pepe Le Pew: Zee Best of Zee Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(1917_film)	Down to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_the_Kranks	Christmas with the Kranks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_in_My_Shoes	Sand in My Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Tales_(film)	Roman Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Barrie	Wendy Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevendust	Sevendust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Little_Thing_(band)	Every Little Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dire_Straits	Dire Straits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Invisible_Thread	An Invisible Thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Story	Tall Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visit_(1964_film)	The Visit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_(film)	Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjabi_House	Punjabi House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff_Records	Stiff Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Journey_(film)	Sentimental Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_33_(film)	The 33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Road	Blue Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskhata	Eskhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Cambridge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q35794
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Please_a_Lady	To Please a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_the_World	Drop the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bappi_Lahiri	Bappi Lahiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_(I_Need_You_on_the_Floor)	Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_the_Front	Back from the Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Adams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q482907
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowboxer	Shadowboxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Trump	Eric Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crusades_(film)	The Crusades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_padrone_delle_ferriere	Il padrone delle ferriere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Flavin	James Flavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Doves_Cry	When Doves Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Willis	Chris Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Musume_no_Hyokkori_Hyōtanjima	Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO	HBO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_Tales	Southland Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_St._John	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q153239
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Long_Engagement	A Very Long Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_(2011_film)	Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Little	The Man Who Knew Too Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ving_Rhames	Ving Rhames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knutzy_Knights	Knutzy Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutgers_University	Rutgers University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_in_Rome	Massacre in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirtation_Walk	Flirtation Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedrive	Speedrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side_(film)	Walk on the Wild Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radama_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q218628
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Trouper_(album)	Super Trouper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Miranda	Claudio Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father's_Little_Dividend	Father's Little Dividend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Her_Shoes_(film)	In Her Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia	Slovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Been_Around_the_World	Been Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Danes	Claire Danes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_First_Bite_(1950_film)	Love at First Bite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowgirl_(song)	Cowgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Jito	Mata Jito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(1933_film)	Morning Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithun_Chakraborty	Mithun Chakraborty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_for_Ever_(film)	Charlotte for Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashling	Ashling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Hands	Guilty Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Writer_(film)	The Ghost Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_LeBaron	William LeBaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Griffin	Lois Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Perry	Frank Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Laramie	The Man from Laramie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry,_Harry_&_Raquel!	Cherry, Harry & Raquel!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Island_(novel)	Bear Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Skinner_(composer)	Frank Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_a_Film	This Is Not a Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatrughan_Sinha	Shatrughan Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Macy_Gray	The Very Best of Macy Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodsworth_(film)	Dodsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombshell_(film)	Bombshell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A.K.Q._Dengekitai	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1149954
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindy_Kaling	Mindy Kaling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(1988_film)	Masquerade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overcoat_(1952_film)	The Overcoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam_(song)	Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Rosenberg	Tom Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_McNeely	Joel McNeely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McShane	Ian McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Blunt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193517
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallurg_Novokuznetsk	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Affair_of_Uncle_Harry	The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Home_Video	Warner Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Ever_Seen_the_Rain%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q945797
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Clock_(film)	The Big Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4,_3,_2,_1_(LL_Cool_J_song)	4, 3, 2, 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan	Elia Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Palmer	Lilli Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(film)	Xanadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_(2016_film)	Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Lincoln_in_Illinois_(film)	Abe Lincoln in Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Records_(defunct_record_label)	Universal Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Unchained	Hercules Unchained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stompin'_Grounds	Stompin' Grounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin–Madison	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q838330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maria_Dimension	The Maria Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Pervyshin	Andrei Pervyshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mettler	Peter Mettler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Baxter	Les Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_with_Me_(song)	Fly with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Knight	Demon Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Matter	Don't Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggy_Dogg_World	Doggy Dogg World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Business_(film)	Family Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boots	Little Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stretcher_Case_Baby	Stretcher Case Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Madonna	Lady Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film)	1900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cate_Blanchett	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q80966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicion_(1941_film)	Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Trouble_(film)	Bubble Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janardhanan_(actor)	Janardhanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonedale_Operator	The Lonedale Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_tenente_dei_carabinieri	Il tenente dei carabinieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Finney	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219546
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_by_the_Sea	City by the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Se_Na_Takrana	Hum Se Na Takrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiots_Are_People_Two!	Idiots Are People Two!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Adventure	Rome Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/René_Auberjonois	René Auberjonois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Brown_Shoe	Old Brown Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Nights_of_Love	Three Nights of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_There,_It's_Yogi_Bear!	Hey There, It's Yogi Bear!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_(actor)	Francis Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalo_Schifrin	Lalo Schifrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Fool_Me_Dennis	You Can't Fool Me Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Yeon	Ji Yeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_(Oasis_song)	Whatever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford_Whalers	Hartford Whalers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Se_Me_Olvidó_Otra_Vez	Se me olvid\u00f3 otra vez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_with_No_Name	The Street with No Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medel_(Lucmagn)	Medel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sayles	John Sayles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Heller	Lukas Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_–_Music_for_the_Ancient_of_Days	The Goddess – Music for the Ancient of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(film)	Judgment Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Dushku	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martians_vs._Goblins	Martians vs. Goblins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Green_(writer)	Michael Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Sabara	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q271469
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stierva	Stierva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_from_the_Fields_of_Alabama	Flower From the Fields of Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_in_Glove	Hand in Glove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ev'rybody's_Gonna_Be_Happy	Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_My_Me	10 My Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Leisen	Mitchell Leisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Free	Ever Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Ora	Rita Ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34370
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopscotch_(film)	Hopscotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Da_Silva	Howard Da Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toma_(song)	Toma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Rivers_to_Cross_(film)	Many Rivers to Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Horton	Edward Everett Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Electric	Heart Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Squadron_(film)	Eagle Squadron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(2011_film)	Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Got_to_Give	Something's Got to Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hudson	Oliver Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(Jesse_McCartney_song)	Body Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Like_Nobody's_Watching_(30_Rock)	Dance Like Nobody's Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Change	Quick Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikai_(Do_As_Infinity_song)	Chikai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tisch_School_of_the_Arts	Tisch School of the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_The_Raven_Chaser	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1207394
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket's_A_Series_of_Unfortunate_Events	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q116905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_World_(Gackt_song)	Another World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_on_Repeat	Stuck on Repeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_(1966_film)	Stagecoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Kablukov	Ilya Kablukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrant_(1917_film)	The Immigrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovai_Brothers	Kovai Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minta_Durfee	Minta Durfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Tsang	Eric Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1492:_Conquest_of_Paradise	1492: Conquest of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darr	Darr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_with_the_Crystal_Plumage	The Bird with the Crystal Plumage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Brown	Clarence Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimbaud_(album)	Rimbaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts:_Chain_of_Memories	Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Plummer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190523
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narc_(film)	Narc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Lehman	Gladys Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalnayak	Khalnayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Child_(film)	Wild Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_School_Mr._Bean	Back to School Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Gordon	Stuart Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_(Prince_song)	Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Axelrod	George Axelrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1954_film)	A Star Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_Is_the_Hunter_(film)	Fate is the Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_Party	The Bachelor Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Shot_Shooters	Half Shot Shooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disc_jockey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q130857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh,_North_Carolina	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41087
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Besser	Joe Besser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyGram_Filmed_Entertainment	PolyGram Filmed Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_(TV_series)	Jackass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Wilder_Years	These Wilder Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Tycoon_(1976_film)	The Last Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Road_to_China	High Road to China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(1922_film)	The Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_(Bump_of_Chicken_song)	Mayday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Harm's_Way	In Harm's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trees_Lounge	Trees Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Davidson_and_the_Marlboro_Man	Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Below	Eight Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_II	Major League II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Sam_(film)	Savage Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_on_Her	Written on Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Enemy_Hands_(film)	In Enemy Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_London	Michael London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193695
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Friend	Rupert Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_Me_Knowing_You_with_Alan_Partridge_(TV_series)	Knowing Me Knowing You with Alan Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_Pilot_(film)	Test Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_White	Jack White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrish_Puri	Amrish Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hutchinson	Andrew Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Bungaku_Kamakura	Surf Bungaku Kamakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Nelson	Ricky Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Wagon	The War Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Tussi_Great_Ho	God Tussi Great Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biutiful	Biutiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politician's_Love_Story	The Politician's Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Enemies	The Best of Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Sparkuhl	Theodor Sparkuhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFM_Records	AFM Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_Eighth_Wife	Bluebeard's Eighth Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bava_Nachadu	Bava Nachadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_Khan	Treasure of Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_God!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2016342
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(Star_Trek_novel)	Rules of Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_(song)	Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_No_Return_(Babylon_5)	Point of No Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Died_with_Their_Boots_On	They Died with Their Boots On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Banquet	The Wedding Banquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_W._Geißendörfer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q74013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Tilly	Jennifer Tilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Leno	Jay Leno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwa_Geok_Choo	Kwa Geok Choo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(film)	Mission: Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosebud_(film)	Rosebud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaika_Arora_Khan	Malaika Arora Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jūnigatsu_no_Love_Song	Jūnigatsu no Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mortimer	John Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Reluctant_Werewolf	Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tollin	Michael Tollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Secret_(1950_film)	State Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_First_Mister	My First Mister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_That_Chick	I'm That Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ue_kara_Mariko	Ue kara Mariko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_California	Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Malone	Dorothy Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millencolin	Millencolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_D._Schuster	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3127594
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Farrar	Geraldine Farrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_rock	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193355
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Jagger	Dean Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Said,_She_Said	He Said, She Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenderfoot_(film)	The Tenderfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ringer_(1964_film)	Dead Ringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Mohan	Radha Mohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Menon	Rajiv Menon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Spangled_Salesman	Star Spangled Salesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Wild_West	Wild Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katzelmacher	Katzelmacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutter_Island_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210364
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_Love_(song)	Let's Make Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Sylar	I Am Sylar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadodi_Mannan_(1958_film)	Nadodi Mannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q&A_(film)	Q&A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelio_Luttazzi	Lelio Luttazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_&_Stitch	Leroy & Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandidas	Bandidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(Eminem_song)	Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahead_of_Their_Time	Ahead of Their Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Ever_Come_Back	If You Ever Come Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_in_the_Heart	Places in the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppino_De_Filippo	Peppino De Filippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hunter_(film)	City Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_of_Gold	Cage of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1985_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1985 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_X	Citizen X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_Judge	Hail the Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Tickets_to_Broadway	Two Tickets to Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighborhood_3_(Power_Out)	Neighborhood #3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(1951_film)	Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shout	The Shout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(1972_horror_film)	Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shortest_Day	Il giorno più corto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_(2006_film)	Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Dwan	Allan Dwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin	Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Home_and_Meet_My_Wife	Romanzo popolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Poppa	Big Poppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypped_in_the_Penthouse	Gypped in the Penthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Summer_(1993_film)	Indian Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Eve	The Lady Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_the_Rivers_All_Run_Dry	'Til the Rivers All Run Dry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jheel_Ke_Us_Paar	Jheel Ke Us Paar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Leighton	Margaret Leighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhine	Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_Here	It Happened Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Vasantha_Geetham	Oru Vasantha Geetham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasdan	Lawrence Kasdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore	Michael Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Cool	Be Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fengler	Michael Fengler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Westerner_(film)	The Westerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wilson_(record_producer)	Tom Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Spiegel	Scott Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Keitel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Menzies_Jr.	Peter Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_(song)	Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunky_Pandey	Chunky Pandey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Marion	Frances Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schell	Maria Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Bunny	The House Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkineni_Nagarjuna	Akkineni Nagarjuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_a_Ledge	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194696
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Does_It	Everybody Does It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salim_Khan	Salim Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsuspected	The Unsuspected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Goff	Ivan Goff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spider-Man_(2012_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229808
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresciano	Cresciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Betrayed	Among the Betrayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aethirree	Aethiree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Corbucci	Bruno Corbucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Girl_(album)	Big Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Document	Eat the Document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Day	Remember the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_About_the_Passion	Talk About the Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ending_Is_Just_the_Beginning_Repeating_(song)	The Ending Is Just the Beginning Repeating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Clear_Call	One Clear Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Pink_Panther	Son of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Like_the_Drugs_(But_the_Drugs_Like_Me)	I Don't Like the Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respectable_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)	Respectable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1996_film)	Jane Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barretts_of_Wimpole_Street_(1934_film)	The Barretts of Wimpole Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedor_Fedorov_(ice_hockey)	Fedor Fedorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On_(film)	Bring It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu:na/Oasis	Lu:na/Oasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_Avery	Tex Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_of_Straw	A Man of Straw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_West_(1918_film)	Out West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1964_film)	The Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Me,_Not_I	Not Me, Not I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_McNamara	Maggie McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Janney	Allison Janney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Star	Five Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroes_of_Telemark	The Heroes of Telemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Ponti	Carlo Ponti, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_That_Time_Forgot_(1975_film)	The Land That Time Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Knock_Life_(Ghetto_Anthem)	Hard Knock Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera	Hanna-Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.O.Me_(Theme_from_Waldolala)	U.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_When_It_Rains	Happy When It Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Again	Dead Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Books	Penguin Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnaram	Minnaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Teacher	Carry On Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Didn't_You_Call_Me	Why Didn't You Call Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_D'Angelo	Beverly D'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_and_Music_(1948_film)	Words and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Richelieu_(film)	Cardinal Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken_(Demi_Lovato_album)	Unbroken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjeet_Maan	Manjeet Maan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maji_Desu_ka_Ska!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1188036
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Man	Hollow Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MercyMe	MercyMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Me_Pink_(film)	Strike Me Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhargavacharitham_Moonam_Khandam	Bhargavacharitham Moonam Khandam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_L.A.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2902012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(1925_film)	The Great Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_and_Dust_(film)	Heat and Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man,_the_Woman_and_the_Money	The Man, the Woman and the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrance,_California	Torrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_mostri	I mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poet	poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_K._Feldman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2448548
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_Cogburn_(film)	Rooster Cogburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_(actor)	Vivek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Velveteen	Black Velveteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearing_(album)	Clearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Kasem	Casey Kasem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_It_(Nelly_song)	Work It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(film)	Parenthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Taurog	Norman Taurog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Ontario	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182625
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMG_(song)	OMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Helms	Ed Helms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(2015_film)	Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AM_to_PM	AM to PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Blaze	Eternal Blaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharja_To_Sharja	Sharja To Sharja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kuan_Yew	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131248
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_(2016_film)	Ghostbusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_So_Soft	Not So Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_A	Easy A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Gloamglozer	The Curse of the Gloamglozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._and_the_Bear	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1987517
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Lonely_(Scooter_song)	I'm Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_a_Living	Making a Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Girl	Digital Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Sinclar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pauper_(1937_film)	The Prince and the Pauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargam_(1992_film)	Sargam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Dyke_Parks	Van Dyke Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforce_(film)	Lifeforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Cleo	Carry On Cleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winslow_Boy_(1948_film)	The Winslow Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkwind	Hawkwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Horsemen_of_the_Apocalypse_(film)	Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine	Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Plowright	Joan Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_School_of_the_University_of_Pennsylvania	The Wharton School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Shear	Barry Shear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clowns_(film)	The Clowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_So_Sweet	Love So Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_(film)	Nickelodeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_(song)	The Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concert_for_Bangladesh_(film)	The Concert for Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_&_Andrew	Amos & Andrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_in_the_Piazza_(film)	Light in the Piazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Violence	The End of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_(Aya_Ueto_album)	Message
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Marsden	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485901
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juarez_(film)	Juarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Griffin	Kathy Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus:_Gods_and_Kings	Exodus: Gods and Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Joe	Fat Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Slim_Shady	The Real Slim Shady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timofei_Shishkanov	Timofei Shishkanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Franchi	Franco Franchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_(film)	Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_at_Eton	A Yank at Eton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Carpenter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230641
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uberto_Pasolini	Uberto Pasolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nude_Bomb	The Nude Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troppo_forte	Troppo forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riffraff_(1936_film)	Riffraff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_an_Angel_(film)	I Married an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Bainter	Fay Bainter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1942_film)	The Pied Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Kuzmin	Andrei Kuzmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceful_World	Graceful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land-grant_university	land-grant institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threesome_(film)	Threesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaya_Prada	Jaya Prada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Pearce	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223745
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryūsei_/_Sharirara	Ry\u016bsei \/ Sharirara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golmaal:_Fun_Unlimited	Golmaal: Fun Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kharitonov_(ice_hockey)	Aleksandr Kharitonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_and_Peppino_Divided_in_Berlin	Totò e Peppino divisi a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Best_Music_Group	We the Best Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitfall_(1948_film)	Pitfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anniversary_Party	The Anniversary Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini's_Casanova	Fellini's Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_the_Sunshine_of_My_Life	You Are the Sunshine of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_(50_Cent_album)	Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimic_(film)	Mimic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant	The Constant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_giorno_nella_vita	Un giorno nella vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersection_(1994_film)	Intersection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_Better	Make Me Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millionaires_Express	Millionaire's Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutie_Queen_Vol._1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3007952
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Ask_For_Anymore	All I Ask For Anymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiment_in_Terror	Experiment in Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_First_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_Records	Asylum Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus_(miniseries)	Christopher Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Do_Bad_All_by_Myself_(film)	I Can Do Bad All By Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepak_Bahry	Deepak Bahry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Mystery	Madame Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_You_Want_Me_(Calle_Ocho)	I Know You Want Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Road_(film)	Two for the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_2	Lethal Weapon 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son's_Room	The Son's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_the_Blues	Birth of the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hero_(The_Saint)	The Last Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Thunderbolt_(film)	Operation Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viyabari	Viyabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedknobs_and_Broomsticks	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Last_Night_(2014_film)	About Last Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanchatte_Ren'ai	Nanchatte Ren'ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toy_(1982_film)	The Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_and_the_Migoo	Mia and the Migoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(1958_film)	Teacher's Pet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Say_a_Word	Don't Say a Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Will_Rock	Cradle Will Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footlight_Serenade	Footlight Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Boy_(film)	Hey Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhavi_(actress)	Madhavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Beach,_California	Newport Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_(1916_film)	Peggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_(1997_film)	Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Jones_(film)	Along Came Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuzanna_Ginczanka	Zuzanna Ginczanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Bye!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2929160
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Which_We_Serve	In Which We Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer-Zaara	Veer-Zaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Keep_Losing_Sleep	If You Keep Losing Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(1994_film)	The Getaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaquelin_H._Hume	Jaquelin H. Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_W._Koch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q982710
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Pierce_(film)	Mildred Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Egypt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q245227
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeetendra	Jeetendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCA_Inc.	MCA Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fuzz	Super Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Age	That Certain Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn!	Burn!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Shkotov	Aleksei Shkotov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(Disturbed_song)	Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_December	Remember December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_al-Hadi	Ali al-Hadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Rains	Claude Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Thompson	Al Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_Hirani	Rajkumar Hirani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Rota	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214665
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Guest	Christopher Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock'n_Y'all	Shock'n Y'all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3035651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flawless_(1999_film)	Flawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Evermore	The Battle of Evermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_ogledalu	U ogledalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_(Alicia_Keys_song)	Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Pleasuredome_(song)	Welcome to the Pleasuredome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Lili	Darling Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatenai_Sora	Hatenai Sora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Billion	Mr. Billion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1949_film)	The Blue Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.L.E._(Extinction_Level_Event):_The_Final_World_Front	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1273363
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srikanth_Deva	Srikanth Deva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Stewart	Patrick Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vikings_(1958_film)	The Vikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Mirren	Helen Mirren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizuna_(Aya_Ueto_song)	Kizuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Postino:_The_Postman	Il Postino: The Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._B._Ganesh_Kumar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q13219724
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Music	Entertainment One Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Simpson	Geoffrey Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Up_the_Band_(film)	Strike Up the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_and_Trauma	Glitter and Trauma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_(1982_film)	Best Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantonese	Cantonese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_Records	Vertigo Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankar_Jaikishan	Shankar Jaikishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Rock_City_(film)	Detroit Rock City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayabheri	Jayabheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Pink_Line	The Thin Pink Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Kieślowski	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q55165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lots_of_Luv'	Lots of Luv'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_or_Las_Vegas	Heaven or Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Hsien_Yang	Lee Hsien Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_C._Morton	James C. Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(Donna_Summer_song)	I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Partridge:_Alpha_Papa	Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatella_(film)	Donatella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margin_Call_(film)	Margin Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Lynch	Jane Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter's_Darling_(film)	Jupiter's Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Ballet	Bullet Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena_Malone	Jena Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_Western_Civilization_Part_II:_The_Metal_Years	The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men,_Women_&_Children_(film)	Men, Women & Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Salvatori	Renato Salvatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatfoot_in_Egypt	Flatfoot in Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hishoku_no_Sora	Hishoku no Sora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_(TV_series)	UFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Marley	Ziggy Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Young	Neil Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Goddess_(1930_film)	The Green Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Lindon	Lionel Lindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Light_Orchestra_(album)	The Electric Light Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_and_Nights	Days and Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_of_Barbary_Coast	Flame of Barbary Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Donlevy	Brian Donlevy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Townshend	Pete Townshend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ruhindi	Fred Ruhindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_It_Legal	Let's Make It Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Farr	Glenn Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniyathipraavu	Aniathipravu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Noon	Shanghai Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_in_Baltimore	Adventure in Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Just_Like)_Starting_Over	(Just Like) Starting Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Waters_(screenwriter)	Daniel Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Gate	The Ninth Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataru_Takagi	Wataru Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Cup_of_Sorrow	Last Cup of Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher_Boy_(1917_film)	The Butcher Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junketsu_Paradox	Junketsu Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kept_Husbands	Kept Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_of_Sister_George	The Killing of Sister George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Wrong_Number	Sorry, Wrong Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(Lily_Allen_song)	Alfie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Loot	Loose Loot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Eiffel	Alec Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Hotel_(film)	Hollywood Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miser_(film)	L'avaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharam_Veer_(film)	Dharam Veer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Warner_(actor)	David Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Girls	Uptown Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradine_Case	The Paradine Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithfully_Yours_(1948_film)	Unfaithfully Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_Man	The Weather Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Jayachandran	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6712722
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Simon	Uncle Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Garden_(Gackt_song)	Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Yankee	Daddy Yankee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_Paris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_Manny	Handy Manny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi	Bela Lugosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Silvers	Phil Silvers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Rifles_(novel)	Sharpe's Rifles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(1996_film)	Black Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_H._Griffith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q719951
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven	Wes Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Planner	The Wedding Planner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Zorro	The Mask of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_News_(film)	Broadcast News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Right-You're_Wrong	That's Right You're Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_(George_Harrison_song)	Dark Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Connecticut	New Haven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Boat_(1951_film)	Show Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Again_Doctor	Carry On Again Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah,_Wilderness!_(film)	Ah, Wilderness!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morris_(composer)	John Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Earth_(1993_film)	Heaven & Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Over_for_You	It's Only Over for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hopkins	Arthur Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Seen_Your_Mother,_Baby,_Standing_in_the_Shadow%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q542512
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_for_a_New_Tomorrow	Anthem for a New Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_of_Love	Passion of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Ryan's_Express	Von Ryan's Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_and_the_General	The Girl and the General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Souls	Heart and Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Christensen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_Sun	She's the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Bucks	Twenty Bucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barsaat_(1949_film)	Barsaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotate_(song)	Rotate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Rocks_the_Bottom!	Apache Rocks the Bottom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness	Edge of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai	Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_rock	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83270
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_Goggins	Walton Goggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissy_Spacek	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krautrock	Krautrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Thirteen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q635632
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Designated_Mourner	The Designated Mourner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_(Asian_Kung-Fu_Generation_song)	After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirty_Nine_Steps_(1978_film)	The Thirty Nine Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Nation	Red Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Looking_Glass_(Lost)	Through the Looking Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Bartlet	Eleanor Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_My_Darling_Daughter_(film)	Yes, My Darling Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Perrine	Valerie Perrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Million_Sweethearts	Twenty Million Sweethearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield's_Fun_Fest	Garfield's Fun Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Frith	Fred Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Sevendust_song)	Face to Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraguay	Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokeem_Woodbine	Bokeem Woodbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_II_de'_Medici,_Grand_Duke_of_Tuscany	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q314558
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todokanai_Ai_to_Shitteita_no_ni_Osaekirezu_ni_Aishitsuzuketa...	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6138646
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duet_(1994_film)	Duet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Ashtavinayak_Cine_Vision	Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Fiore	Mauro Fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothika	Gothika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Words	The Secret Life of Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Vampire	Mark of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_(1985_film)	Commando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Gluck	Will Gluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Than_a_Kite	Higher Than a Kite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soon_(Tanya_Tucker_song)	Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davison	Bruce Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Gordon	Leo Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium_3_(record_label)	Helium 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/License_to_Wed	License to Wed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin	Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Campbell	Glen Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_(film)	Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabangg	Dabangg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong	Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_and_Present_Danger_(film)	Clear and Present Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pattinson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36767
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Joe_(film)	Killer Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Showcase:_Volume_1	Looney Tunes Showcase: Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meguru_Koi_no_Kisetsu	Meguru Koi no Kisetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Soprano	Meadow Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(2000_film)	The Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkle_(2012_film)	Sparkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It!_The_Terror_from_Beyond_Space	It! The Terror from Beyond Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goundamani	Goundamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_the_Perfect_Beat	Looking for the Perfect Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushboo	Kushboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Gad	Urban Gad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Lost_Souls_(1932_film)	Island of Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo:_An_American_Legend	Geronimo: An American Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hero_of_Our_Times	A Hero of Our Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osbournes	The Osbournes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Chopra	Aditya Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_of_Sin	Street of Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_(film)	Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boaz_Yakin	Boaz Yakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Drive_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q272608
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_carro_armato_dell'8_settembre	Il carro armato dell'8 settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Law	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q160432
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_(Eminem_album)	Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harrison	George Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extremely_Loud_and_Incredibly_Close_(film)	Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fracchia_la_belva_umana	Fracchia la belva umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Canada	Warner Music Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele	Adele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Exception	The Only Exception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_of_Malapaga	The Walls of Malapaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Gervais	Ricky Gervais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Vasilchenko	Alexei Vasilchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Bow	Clara Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Goes_Bananas	Herbie Goes Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_Trilogy	Mexico Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pandu	James Pandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven_(2016_film)	The Magnificent Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Mask	The Iron Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Baranov_(ice_hockey)	Konstantin Baranov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Morgan's_Creek	The Miracle of Morgan's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruka_(Scandal_song)	Haruka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Bartlet	Abbey Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_or_Treat_(1986_film)	Trick or Treat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurbani_(film)	Qurbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_ni_Aitakute	Kimi ni Aitakute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bird_in_a_Blizzard	White Bird in a Blizzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Carlin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q150651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_G._Epstein	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q795100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Yarullin	Albert Yarullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_hop_music	hip hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Give_Me_a_Reason	Just Give Me a Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_Zero_(1930_film)	Below Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(Kumi_Koda_song)	You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanakya_Chandragupta	Chanakya Chandragupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrika_Bambaataa	Afrika Bambaataa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Basehart	Richard Basehart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gill_(film_historian)	David Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doña_Juana_(film)	Do\u00f1a Juana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Dr._Love	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2698466
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Grant	Cary Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Characters_in_Search_of_an_Exit	Five Characters in Search of an Exit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonestar	Lonestar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(Mack_10_album)	Based on a True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_James_Woolf	John and James Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_or_Die_(film)	March or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Jim_(1965_film)	Lord Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drivin'_Me_Wild	Drivin' Me Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maná	Maná
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susi_Ganeshan	Susi Ganeshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ritchie	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mail_(film)	Air Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_(Jimmy_Wayne_song)	You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred-Foot_Journey_(film)	The Hundred-Foot Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_no_Tame_ni_Dekiru_Koto	Kimi no Tame ni Dekiru Koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Foster	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Menke	Sally Menke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Ghost_Bandit	The Black Ghost Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fockers	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q921985
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_West	Billy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Legrand	Michel Legrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Movie	Silent Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arctic_Patrol_Mystery	The Arctic Patrol Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Troell	Jan Troell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Sofaer	Abraham Sofaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_(Perfume_song)	Spice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_People_Importers	The Saint and the People Importers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_(Heroes)	Homecoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41262
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_0_Kid	The Double 0 Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundowners	The Sundowners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Rupert	The Great Rupert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoiro_Kataomoi	Momoiro Kataomoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples	Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_in_France	Reunion in France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intern_(2015_film)	The Intern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_–_Rogue_Nation	Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilroy_(film_editor)	John Gilroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Adler_(screenwriter)	Felix Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Semenov	Alexei Semenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Vinti	I Vinti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocking_5	Shocking 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Star	There's a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_Dick	The Bank Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q45412
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9mm_(song)	9mm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hull	Henry Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wonderful_Day_(Desperate_Housewives)	One Wonderful Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ships_of_Merior	Ships of Merior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodder_&_Stoughton	Hodder & Stoughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eiger_Sanction_(film)	The Eiger Sanction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rough_Riders_(film)	The Rough Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Eggby	David Eggby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Parker	Clifton Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island	Long Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Bobby_Fischer	Searching for Bobby Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Reynolds	William H. Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Reclaimed_His_Head	The Man Who Reclaimed His Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manatsu_no_Sounds_Good!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1320167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_Love	Let's Make Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooey_Deschanel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191719
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Features	Focus Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Brothers	Two Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu,_California	Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(2009_film)	Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Squyres	Tim Squyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany	Nazi Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Golden_Collection:_Volume_5	Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Racer_(film)	Speed Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Radford	Michael Radford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dawn	Red Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuvvraaj	Yuvvraaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hamill	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210447
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Enix	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207784
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold_(2011_Nigerian_film)	Black Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riteish_Deshmukh	Riteish Deshmukh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Also_Rises_(1957_film)	The Sun Also Rises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_the_Wasteland	Warriors of the Wasteland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Polito	Sol Polito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Mature	Victor Mature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracias_(album)	Gracias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaaradi_Nee_Mohini	Yaaradi Nee Mohini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_on_the_Grass	The Boat on the Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Records	Nothing Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_the_Alarm	Pound the Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maths_(song)	Maths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visit_or_Memories_and_Confessions	Visit or Memories and Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Paris	A Woman of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Gonna_Let_You_Go_(Faith_Evans_song)	Never Gonna Let You Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin_(1980_film)	Private Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_in_Paris	Jefferson in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Right_Thing	Do the Right Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymoon_Machine	The Honeymoon Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(TV_series)	Aladdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Road_(song)	Cross Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir_Chowdhury	Kabir Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Willie_Winkie_(film)	Wee Willie Winkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Way_to_Die	Another Way to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Picture_in_the_Papers	His Picture in the Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_Flames	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q194126
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(1980_film)	The Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_la_Douce	Irma la Douce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster_Kill_Pussycat	Faster Kill Pussycat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Ways_Out	La Città si difende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Nurse_to_Worse_(1940_film)	From Nurse to Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Caravan	Planet Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Wanna_Lose_You	Don't Wanna Lose You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_the_Problematique	Map of the Problematique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Bartlett	Charlie Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Worth	Marvin Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Goodbye_(film)	Kiss Me Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happens_Every_Spring	It Happens Every Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220713
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas	Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language	Swedish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortcut_to_Happiness	Shortcut to Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Varalakshmi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q539885
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_358/2_Days	Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Roberts_(1955_film)	Mister Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon_(film)	How to Train Your Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_(1993_film)	Germinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(1921_film)	Shattered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend,_Italian_Style	L'ombrellone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Never_Be_Your_Woman	I Could Never Be Your Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Duel	The Long Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unseen_Enemy	An Unseen Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves'_Picnic	Thieves' Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chithram	Chithram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Relph	Michael Relph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_It's_Better_If_You_Do	But It's Better If You Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer_Games	Reindeer Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_Has_Many_Dreams	The Street Has Many Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_music	experimental music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Cohen	Rob Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_Def_Jam_Music_Group	The Island Def Jam Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Santaolalla	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312434
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Snow	Lord Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_You/Is_This_Love%3F	Step You/Is This Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Razin	Andrei Razin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Soviet_Socialist_Republic	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133356
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Funny_Can_Sex_Be%3F	Sessomatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo_(film)	Eskimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(Star_Trek:_Voyager)	The Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Call_from_a_Stranger	Phone Call from a Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey	My Man Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafi_and_Mecartin	Rafi Mecartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Pain	T-Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lau	Andrew Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(1976_film)	King Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladykillers_(2004_film)	The Ladykillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Hood	I'm So Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoon_Generation	Typhoon Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Love's_Return	The Battle of Love's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Iannucci	Armando Iannucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_(The_Edge_Chronicles)	Vox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Cry_Tomorrow	I'll Cry Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Arizona	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q503419
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biasca	Biasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Rocco	Marc Rocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redonne-moi	Redonne-moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_Desideri	Danilo Desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Madsen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q220584
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Tropics	Lady of the Tropics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Judge	Mike Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Dave	Meet Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurythmics	Eurythmics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Paris	Forget Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Spiders	The Golden Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Agar	John Agar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_X_(film)	Doctor X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_in_the_Dark_(1964_film)	A Shot in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothers_of_Invention	The Mothers of Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candice_Bergen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Child	The Golden Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(Pink_Floyd_song)	Wish You Were Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boy_Lost_(1953_film)	Little Boy Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenic_and_Old_Lace_(film)	Arsenic and Old Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Statham	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q169963
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Space_EP	Time Space EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean_in_Room_426	Mr. Bean in Room 426
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_and_Cleopatra_(film)	Caesar and Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City_2	Sex and the City 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palangal	Palangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattrick_(film)	Hattrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leipold	John Leipold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Manning	Bruce Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_the_Lawgiver	Moses the Lawgiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacı_Sabancı	Hacı Sabancı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damini_–_Lightning	Damini – Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lawrence_(film_editor)	Robert Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cooper	Gary Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Year_Itch	The Seven Year Itch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ask_Me_Why	Don't Ask Me Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Killing_the_Great_Chefs_of_Europe%3F	Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Davis	Hope Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothman_Prophecies_(film)	The Mothman Prophecies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Softly,_Stranger	Walk Softly, Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Todd_(New_Zealand)	Andrew Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsing_Around	Horsing Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hoberman	David Hoberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_G._Clarke	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1064479
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_a_G_Thang	Still a G Thang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Sky_Galleons	Clash of the Sky Galleons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_My_Head	Turn My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_dans_l'air	C'est dans l'air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverchair	Silverchair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Race	The Rat Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Last_Stand	Achilles Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JYP_Entertainment	JYP Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhoo	Madhoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Tollbooth_(film)	The Phantom Tollbooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_General_(film)	The Inspector General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Tracks_(British_album)	Animal Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingmar_Bergman	Ingmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_t'aime_moi_non_plus_(film)	Je t'aime moi non plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Just_Happened	What Just Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badmaash_Company	Badmaash Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Dorsey	Tommy Dorsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_Want_(Mase_song)	What You Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absent-Minded_Professor	The Absent-Minded Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Iguana_(film)	The Night of the Iguana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wong	Arthur Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Gibb	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296872
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Franklin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q125121
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Pray	Devil Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Doctor_X	The Return of Doctor X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleese	John Cleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1986_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1986 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Patekar	Nana Patekar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Hood_At%3F	Where the Hood At?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Webb	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q505675
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiation_(album)	Radiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramana_Reddy	Ramana Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Those_Years_Ago	All Those Years Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_(Aya_Ueto_song)	Hello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeVar_Burton	LeVar Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_hop	trip hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roommate	The Roommate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superwoman_(Alicia_Keys_song)	Superwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOL_(Basshunter_album)	LOL <(^^,)>
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Palio	Fiat Palio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hageman	Richard Hageman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-2-3_(Gloria_Estefan_and_Miami_Sound_Machine_song)	1-2-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Skies_(1946_film)	Blue Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Guffman	Waiting for Guffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_Icky	Sticky Icky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long!_(AKB48_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2947425
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_(1947_film)	Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Being_Myself	The Trouble with Being Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(Ash_song)	Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Rey	Fernando Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogram_Records	Phonogram Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_(2000_film)	Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bell_Hop	The Bell Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_in_the_Streets	Crime in the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyfriend_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Boyfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(2009_live-action_film)	Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton	Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_Foster	Dianne Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Pratt	Nolan Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Gorilla	Bride of the Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Sacred_(film)	Nothing Sacred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_and_Models	Artists and Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon	Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice	The Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollercoaster_(1977_film)	Rollercoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pray/Get_into_a_Groove	Pray / Get into a Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_(Pink_Floyd_song)	Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hours_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q157044
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer,_the_Great	Elmer, the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Down_Down	Down Down Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Thorpe_–_All-American	Jim Thorpe – All-American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_(actor)	Mukesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(The_Killing)	Missing (The Killing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pevney	Joseph Pevney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brienen	Edwin Brienen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Honour_(novel)	Sharpe's Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_on_the_Beach	The Woman on the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Villaggio	Paolo Villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiths	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180598
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Pichel	Irving Pichel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mukomberanwa	Nicholas Mukomberanwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Mr._Bean	Merry Christmas, Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Like_You_Used_To_(song)	Love Me Like You Used To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_One_(2007_film)	The Brave One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Lynne	Jeff Lynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chōriki_Sentai_Ohranger	Chōriki Sentai Ohranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosttown_(Madonna_song)	Ghosttown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_Ideas	Young Man with Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer_(film)	Veer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_IV	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Bedelia	Bonnie Bedelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Berlin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128746
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoj_Punj	Manoj Punj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_%22Buddy%22_Rogers	Charles Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_(film)	Tess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Bernstein_(cinematographer)	Steven Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean_Rides_Again	Mr. Bean Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Yabba-Dabba_Do!	I Yabba-Dabba Do!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Chernov	Mikhail Chernov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_in_the_Moon	Tot\u00f2 nella luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superhero_Movie	Superhero Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_in_August	Sunday in August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley's_Aunt_(1941_film)	Charley's Aunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_(1991_film)	Grand Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furio_Scarpelli	Furio Scarpelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Impact_(film)	Deep Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Gamblers_II	God of Gamblers II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barenaked_in_America	Barenaked in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_(Lil_Wayne_album)	Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(1948_film)	The Red Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diljale	Diljale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Wray	Fay Wray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Ryuki	Kamen Rider Ryuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_de'_Medici	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q182021
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tintin_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q980041
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Remake_of_Beau_Geste	The Last Remake of Beau Geste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormed_Fortress	Stormed Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(2012_film)	Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Bell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q178882
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Time_My_Heart_Calls_Your_Name	Every Time My Heart Calls Your Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_(band)	Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home_Alabama_(film)	Sweet Home Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bickford	Charles Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Snow	Dear Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgressive_Records	Transgressive Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Bombay	The Secret of Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbulla_Rajinikanth	Anbulla Rajinikanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zborowski	Jan Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidence_(2003_film)	Confidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playhouse_(film)	The Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_(Anastacia_song)	Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_Continues...	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1943149
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman	A Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_House,_U.S.A.	Big House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Castellaneta	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44442
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Levy_(cinematographer)	Peter Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_and_the_Paycock_(film)	Juno and the Paycock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hateful_Eight	The Hateful Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Trouble_(1918_film)	Triple Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicker_Man_(2006_film)	The Wicker Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_Never_Know	Wives Never Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacanze_a_Ischia	Vacanze a Ischia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_of_a_Sound	Reflections of a Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Haden_Church	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311615
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch_2:_Stitch_Has_a_Glitch	Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Comes_to_America	War Comes to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Orders_(novel)	Doctor's Orders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_Is_Born	A Song Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omen_III:_The_Final_Conflict	Omen III: The Final Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Skeffington	Mr. Skeffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Stecchino	Johnny Stecchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Internship	The Internship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Häpy_Endkö%3F_Eli_kuinka_Uuno_Turhapuro_sai_niin_kauniin_ja_rikkaan_vaimon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q11864095
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squarepusher	Squarepusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Garr	Teri Garr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonita_Friedericy	Bonita Friedericy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(1972_film)	Le avventure di Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Woods_(film)	A Walk in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Pirates_Ahoy!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1961052
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakko's_Wish	Wakko's Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Monty's_Double_(film)	I Was Monty's Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passage_for_Trumpet	A Passage for Trumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisztomania_(film)	Lisztomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Win_or_You_Die	You Win or You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance-pop	dance-pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiddler_of_Florence	The Fiddler of Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Arkin	Adam Arkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Never_Knew_Me	She Never Knew Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Dark_Horses	Three Dark Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Bender	Jack Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern_(film)	Green Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Nolan	Lloyd Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Demos_&_Freestyles_Vol._3	Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hear_Talk_(song)	I Hear Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine:_John_Lennon	Imagine: John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Dangerous_(series)	Young and Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi_Suru_Fortune_Cookie	Koi Suru Fortune Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(film)	Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushman_Duniya_Ka	Dushman Duniya Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_and_David	Claudia and David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogus_(film)	Bogus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Compson	Betty Compson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Shoes_II	Crocodile Shoes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Eight_(film)	Hard Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greeks_Had_a_Word_for_Them	The Greeks Had a Word for Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Kentuckian	The Fighting Kentuckian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Strathairn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310318
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Crusher	Head Crusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(The_Killing)	Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_Street_(film)	Hanover Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Monty	The Full Monty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1961_(Heroes)	1961
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_–_Ghost_Protocol	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q628154
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Comedy	No Time for Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohanlal	Mohanlal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proibito	Proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Tomorrow	Days of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Esposito	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q233922
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Debney	John Debney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigadoon_(film)	Brigadoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Preminger	Otto Preminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36949
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Pool	The Dead Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Aiello	Danny Aiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(Babylon_5)	Endgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Heart	Crazy Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(Star_Trek:_Enterprise)	Vanishing Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brenner	David Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_H20:_20_Years_Later	Halloween H20: 20 Years Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Girl	My Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepultura	Sepultura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_the_Padres	The Coming of the Padres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Yourself_Go_(Green_Day_song)	Let Yourself Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Void_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Into the Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaamirabharani	Thaamirabharani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zedd_(musician)	Zedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_(2014_film)	Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ache_in_Every_Stake	An Ache in Every Stake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_in_Law	Son in Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Lau	Jeffrey Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up,_Doc%3F_(1972_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1356241
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schlesinger	Leon Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Time_Zone	Central Time Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_rock	art rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Records_Nashville	Capitol Records Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Egan_(actor)	Richard Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double,_Double_(Ellery_Queen_novel)	Double, Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Belov_(hockey)	Vyacheslav Belov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.W.A.T._(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q678775
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeze_(T-Pain_song)	Freeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brannon_Braga	Brannon Braga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_2:_Follow_That_Monkey!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3230419
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Parents	Meet the Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(1960_film)	Breathless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Bierko	Craig Bierko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petulia	Petulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_(band)	Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Truth_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Whole Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_Death	Life After Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Pancholi	Aditya Pancholi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Cavender	Glen Cavender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Life_and_Death_(film)	A Matter of Life and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Naked_in_the_World	Go Naked in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Life	A Dog's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida	Tampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu-Tang_Clan	Wu-Tang Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Departure	Morning Departure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_(album)	The Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Drive	You Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Hickox	Sidney Hickox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_Out_(film)	A Night Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Boy_(film)	About a Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Out-of-Towners_(1999_film)	The Out-of-Towners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauvignon_blanc	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44542
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Strategy_Above_the_Depths	Detective Conan: Strategy Above the Depths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Your_Love	Find Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Talk_About_Me	I Wanna Talk About Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Derek	John Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Must_Fall_(1937_film)	Night Must Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoraknophobia	Anoraknophobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Arness	James Arness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles	The Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mantegna	Joe Mantegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Macready	George Macready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzz_(film)	Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Gates_of_Paradise	At the Gates of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Jarre	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105487
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagir_(1984_film)	Jagir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_A.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q797938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Club	The Emperor's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy:_Tomb_of_the_Dragon_Emperor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q240713
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norstedts_förlag	Norstedts F\u00f6rlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Sher	Stacey Sher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_of_Genie	I Dream of Genie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Studio_Recordings_(Led_Zeppelin_album)	The Complete Studio Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Schneider	Aaron Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_of_Exile	Drama of Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celluloid_Closet	The Celluloid Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit:_The_Battle_of_the_Five_Armies	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draft_Day	Draft Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanna_McCoy	Roseanna McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_Song	The Rogue Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoey_Bartlet	Zoey Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Balcon	Michael Balcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokumei_Sentai_Go-Busters	Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1955_film)	Richard III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barry_(composer)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q111074
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_'Em_Young	Get 'Em Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Inn_(film)	Jamaica Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Sex_Magic	Love Sex Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_(film)	The Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rana_(film)	Rana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_&_Aliens	Cowboys & Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Ones_(song)	The Young Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Dangerous_4	Young and Dangerous 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stories	New York Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Palace_(film)	Ice Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(2008_film)	Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugee_(2000_film)	Refugee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_Hood	Darla Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Goodlooking_and_the_Case_of_the_Missing_Whisky	Alexis Goodlooking and the Case of the Missing Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini	Federico Fellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Wedding	My Best Friend's Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXL_(Mylène_Farmer_song)	XXL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Horse:_Legend_of_the_Deep	The Water Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priya_(1978_film)	Priya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Vacation	Hawaiian Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konkona_Sen_Sharma	Konkona Sen Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_The_Spy_Who_Shagged_Me	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q487978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Bet	Top Bet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coals_of_Fire_(1918_film)	Coals of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Wild_Force	Power Rangers Wild Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(Desperate_Housewives)	It Takes Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company	The Samuel Goldwyn Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Pat	Uncle Pat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1996_film)	Lone Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Room_(Depeche_Mode_song)	In Your Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_Boothe	Powers Boothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dream_Is_Yours	My Dream Is Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entropy_(film)	Entropy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scout_(film)	The Scout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q222939
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Sangre	Santa Sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie_Mame_(film)	Auntie Mame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_the_Everyday_Housewife	Dreams of the Everyday Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(Mami_Kawada_song)	Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess-Belle	Jess-Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Upper	Dmitry Upper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rosher	Charles Rosher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(1984_film)	Reckless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Them_for_Me_(film)	Kiss Them for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footlight_Parade	Footlight Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._S._Van_Dyke	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q547078
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Rainbow	Love Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pritam_Chakraborty	Pritam Chakraborty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bible:_In_the_Beginning...	The Bible: In the Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Flynn	Being Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lawford	Peter Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hornblow,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q709913
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Chill_(film)	The Big Chill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Trip_(film)	Boat Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majaa	Majaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Nineteenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Hell_(Raekwon_song)	Heaven & Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_and_Amazing	Lovely & Amazing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001_Maniacs	2001 Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_the_Sun	Nightmare in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(2013_film)	Side Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Bear_2	Brother Bear 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjali_Devi	Anjali Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_and_Water_(film)	Oil and Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slash_(musician)	Slash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagogn	Sagogn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro_–_kaksoisagentti	Uuno Turhapuro \u2013 kaksoisagentti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Dillon_(director)	John Francis Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Girl	The Good Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_A._Larson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q604524
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushmore_(film)	Rushmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Paich	Marty Paich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Walsh_(2003_film)	Monte Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Douglas_(actor)	Jack Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_End_(Blur_song)	To the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivers_in_Summer	Shivers in Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo_Shooting	Palermo Shooting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Touch_Me_(Throw_da_Water_on_'Em)	Don't Touch Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rascal_Flatts	Rascal Flatts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Dorothy_a_Son	To Dorothy a Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_and_the_Badman	Angel and the Badman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Łódź	Łódź
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Nash	Graham Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquitita	Chiquitita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cokie_Roberts	Cokie Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coral	The Coral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaanal_Neer	Kaanal Neer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Jackson_(cinematographer)	Harry Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fix	The Big Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_(film)	Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastime_(novel)	Pastime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Nykvist	Sven Nykvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Stole	Mink Stole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Reach_Up_for_The)_Sunrise	(Reach Up for The) Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniature_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Miniature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Tarasov_(ice_hockey)	Dmitri Tarasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Cezon	Connie Cezon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_Thing	Livin' Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poochakkoru_Mookkuthi	Poochakkoru Mookkuthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Vedder	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221535
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Go_(2_Unlimited_song)	Here I Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Malinin	Mikhail Malinin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Days_of_War	5 Days of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarsis_Kabwegyere	Tarsis Kabwegyere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Fiend	My Best Fiend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Hat_Mystery	The Roman Hat Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutronica	Neutronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Together_(Madonna_song)	Get Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._I_Luv_U	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2068716
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Laughs_(1928_film)	The Man Who Laughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Spengler	Pierre Spengler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Thief	The King's Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Romeo	Football Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaria!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3437928
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Helping_Hand	Attack of the Helping Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbedo-Castione	Arbedo-Castione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasad_Murella	Prasad Murella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Survive	Love Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kippur	Kippur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Done_It%3F_(1949_film)	Who Done It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_She_Comes_Now	Here She Comes Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(1986_film)	Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Cummings	Irving Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Mississippi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28198
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Sentences	The Two Sentences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil	Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegel	Don Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Bravo	Bravo Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_–_U.S.A.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2533178
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuality_(film)	Virtuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape_Woman	The Ape Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazi_of_Iraq	Ghazi of Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_university	public university
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Has_Many_Faces	Love Has Many Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Singer	Torch Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(Madonna_song)	Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Tovoli	Luciano Tovoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_(film)	Hudson's Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Chaplin	Unknown Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(1977_film)	The Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Don't_Cry_(film)	Boys Don't Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_(1987_film)	Suspect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housesitter	Housesitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_City_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192115
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cummings	Jim Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/László_Kovács_(cinematographer)	László Kovács
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scoundrel	The Scoundrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se..	Dil Se..
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Harihar_Nagar	In Harihar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Our_Merry_Way	On Our Merry Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers_(film)	Hackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narathu	Narathu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Work,_pt._1	The Work, pt. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_(Gary_Numan_album)	Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marton	Andrew Marton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_America	Calling America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q161491
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Attack_(Demi_Lovato_song)	Heart Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_in_the_Foreign_Legion	Abbott and Costello in the Foreign Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_All_Kissed_the_Bride	They All Kissed the Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Murray	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q29250
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_Road_(film)	Tobacco Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Promises	Eastern Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Didion	Joan Didion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Run_(film)	Logan's Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(song)	Let It Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronado_(1935_film)	Coronado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Learned_About_Women	He Learned About Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Andersen_(film)	Hans Christian Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariangela_Melato	Mariangela Melato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Van_Cleef	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193278
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McIntire	John McIntire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_My_Lovely_(1975_film)	Farewell, My Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pratt_(film_editor)	Thomas Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(2002_Russian_film)	Crime and Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_S_and_the_Secrets_of_Andorra's_Box	Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Wife	The Bishop's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyary_Pamyu_Pamyu	Kyary Pamyu Pamyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garv	Garv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Beginners_(film)	Absolute Beginners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waqt_(1965_film)	Waqt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbo_Talks	Garbo Talks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Berets_(film)	The Green Berets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_On_Sundown	Hurry On Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_with_Love	Two Weeks with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooged	Scrooged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_(1998_film)	Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Ninja_Storm	Power Rangers Ninja Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Without_You)_What_Do_I_Do_with_Me	(Without You) What Do I Do with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Summer	Cree Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mada_Minu_Ashita_ni	Mada Minu Ashita ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Struss	Karl Struss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Children	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q686915
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_Candy	Gossip Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_for_the_Saint	Send for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformers:_The_Movie	The Transformers: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ere_Kokkonen	Ere Kokkonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(Mike_Oldfield_album)	Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretchen_Mol	Gretchen Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten	The Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahakavi_Kshetrayya	Mahakavi Kshetrayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._P._Nagarajan	A. P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Nielsen	Connie Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemon_Song	The Lemon Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maselli	Francesco Maselli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Stan	Sebastian Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoofs_and_Goofs	Hoofs and Goofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_(album)	Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Went_Up_in_Smoke	The Man Who Went Up in Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirumal_Perumai	Thirumal Perumai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guru_(2002_film)	The Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(Gackt_song)	Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._(song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q124967
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Life_with_Crows	Still Life with Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Halsey	Richard Halsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Rich_Girl_(1936_film)	Poor Little Rich Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimmie_Fadden_Out_West	Chimmie Fadden Out West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_Between	The Door Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbledon_(film)	Wimbledon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minh_Mạng	Minh Mạng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys_of_the_Kingdom_(film)	The Keys of the Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_Beat	Drum Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Wonderful_Moment	The Most Wonderful Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Bentley	Wes Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window_Seat_(song)	Window Seat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Suite	Executive Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Man_and_Little_Boy	Fat Man and Little Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1935_film)	David Copperfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathwaj	Bharathwaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Class_Hero	Working Class Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Dracula_(1974_film)	Son of Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Beyda	Kent Beyda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggard:_The_Movie	Haggard: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dough_and_Dynamite	Dough and Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen	Die Nibelungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandie_Shaw	Sandie Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Girl	The Dead Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Jenkins	Allen Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiders_(film)	The Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reubens	Paul Reubens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimagure_Princess	Kimagure Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Dragon	Heart of Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ain't_Like_That	Love Ain't Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Gaghan	Stephen Gaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_(film_editor)	Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabondama_(Morning_Musume_song)	Shabondama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Velvet_(film)	National Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Langdon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210548
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Steel_(actor)	Anthony Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_on_a_Hot_Tin_Roof_(1958_film)	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(1935_film)	Captain Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_Baby_Killer	The Cry Baby Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursued	Pursued
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Romano	Ray Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouse_on_the_Shore	Lighthouse on the Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Midler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190631
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafar_Panahi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q31637
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Love_(Cute_song)	Forever Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_Pictures	Embassy Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yoke's_on_Me	The Yoke's on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greydon_Clark	Greydon Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(2011_film)	Restless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Sublime	A Love Sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Triffids_(film)	The Day of the Triffids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q19689
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Future_When_All's_Well	In the Future When All's Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_(2008_film)	21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Loog_Oldham	Andrew Loog Oldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furusato_(Morning_Musume_song)	Furusato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Bear	Jack the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(2001_drama_film)	Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Rukh_Khan	Shah Rukh Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambareesh	Ambareesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Valley	Las Vegas Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andriy_Mikhnov	Andriy Mikhnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_II:_Wolf_Quest	Balto II: Wolf Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadim_Tarasov	Vadim Tarasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Scarlet_and_the_Mysterons	Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Young	Roland Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Thomson_(cinematographer)	Alex Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Desplat	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q313362
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste_(1939_film)	Beau Geste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_for_Dracula	Blood for Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_La_Bam	Viva La Bam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(1949_film)	Samson and Delilah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silenen	Silenen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Nurse	Carry On Nurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Avalanche	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206297
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Lyon	Sue Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe:_Pig_in_the_City	Babe: Pig in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozhi_(film)	Mozhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Riddell	Chris Riddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò	Totò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_a_Little_Dream	Dream a Little Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterflies_(Michael_Jackson_song)	Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Goes_(Chitsujo_no_Nai_Gendai_ni_Drop_Kick)	Everybody Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Else	Anything Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_O'_War	Men O' War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Broadcast_of_1936	The Big Broadcast of 1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suso_Cecchi_d'Amico	Suso Cecchi d'Amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Girls	Les Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Fast_(song)	Hold Fast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Weekend	Another Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bridges	Broken Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Tree_(2011_film)	The Family Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_Are_(film)	Chances Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back_to_School_II	Fight Back to School II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Up_(Pitbull_song)	Back Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Salt	Waldo Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_(song)	Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(song)	The Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prakash_Raj	Prakash Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Scott_Thomas	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208590
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clones_(song)	Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D3:_The_Mighty_Ducks	D3: The Mighty Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Gotta_Have_It	She's Gotta Have It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curtain_Pole	The Curtain Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silly_People_(Desperate_Housewives)	Silly People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Tremaine	Jeff Tremaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Your_Man	Hold Your Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firefly_(film)	The Firefly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Costello	Lou Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Reputation_(Glee)	Bad Reputation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Died_at_Dawn	The General Died at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil-Doll	The Devil-Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Whale_Tattoo	Mystery of the Whale Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Musuraca	Nicholas Musuraca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_IV	Faust IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Over_England	Fire Over England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Piera	The Story of Piera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowbeard	Yellowbeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Cryin'_to_Me	Come Cryin' to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Clay	Minnesota Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Comedy_(film)	The Human Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu's_Most_Wanted	Malibu's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Ages	Three Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_President's_Men_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q466781
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racket_(1951_film)	The Racket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_Records	Creation Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_by_Mr._Bean_of_London	Hair by Mr. Bean of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_(Be_Tender_with_My_Love)	Fanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1935_film)	Anna Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Kiss	The Perfect Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epica_(album)	Epica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedin'	Speedin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_to_Pay_(Ellery_Queen_novel)	The Devil to Pay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercute	Supercute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Knef	Hildegard Knef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Zhivago_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q323827
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malachai_(album)	Malachai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Bulge_(film)	Battle of the Bulge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Eileen_(1942_film)	My Sister Eileen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Day_Is_Exactly_the_Same	Every Day Is Exactly the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Edge_(film)	Jagged Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._C._Sherriff	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q941966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakasha_Gopuram	Aakasha Gopuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Through_the_Out_Door	In Through the Out Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five-Year_Engagement	The Five-Year Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biwi_No.1	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q879204
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fincher	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184903
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carried_Away_(1996_film)	Carried Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Attack_Zone	Christmas Attack Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaji_Telefilms	Balaji Telefilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_(Madonna_song)	Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q637842
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Bridge	Crossing the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_(2009_film)	Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McQ	McQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Dann	Jack Dann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha,_Scooby-Doo!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q969781
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sturridge	Tom Sturridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhuman_Rampage	Inhuman Rampage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumdog_Millionaire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q125076
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawn_to_the_Rhythm	Drawn to the Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Sanders	Ronald Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(2005_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q224069
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_(song)	The Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomie_Harris	Naomie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaj_Kumar	Raaj Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_Williams_(Welsh-American_actor)	Rhys Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich,_Young_and_Pretty	Rich, Young and Pretty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Men	T-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Pal_(1933_film)	Me and My Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva	Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Bava	Mario Bava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Like_a_Wheel_(film)	Heart Like a Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefox_(film)	Firefox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_McGrath_(animator)	Tom McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lulume_Bayigga	Lulume Bayiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Jackson_(composer)	Howard Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Devils	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192081
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip,_Sew_and_Stitch	Rip, Sew and Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frighteners	The Frighteners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Haynes	Todd Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_Records	Casablanca Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarfarosh	Sarfarosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Is_for_Real_(film)	Heaven Is for Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orpheus_Descending_(The_Killing)	Orpheus Descending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Back-up_Plan	The Back-up Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Now	Don't Look Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Wayans	Shawn Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FremantleMedia	FremantleMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_of_My_Life_(Ludacris_song)	Rest of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_It_(DJ_Felli_Fel_song)	Feel It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Thursday_We_Leave_for_Home	On Thursday We Leave for Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Education_(film)	Bad Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambling_House	Gambling House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Together,_Die_Alone	Live Together, Die Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_L._Alperson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5343983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Reservations	Without Reservations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Fast_2_Furious	2 Fast 2 Furious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Iguana	The Blue Iguana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_A._Thompson	Walter A. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Own	The Devil's Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini:_A_Director's_Notebook	Fellini: A Director's Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_(song)	Priceless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Breed_(song)	Half-Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_(film)	Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12,_Smart	12, Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Hard_Times_(film)	Welcome to Hard Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Ami_Suzuki_song)	One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore	Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeglader	Freeglader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Keeler	Ruby Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Category_7:_The_End_of_the_World	Category 7: The End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_(The_Young_Ones)	Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopard-Skin_Pill-Box_Hat	Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Lewis	Jerry Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bancroft	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q183532
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_in_Naples	It Started in Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Countess_from_Hong_Kong	A Countess from Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Corbucci	Sergio Corbucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Who_Dared	The Lady Who Dared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Brody	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q294372
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò,_Peppino_e..._la_dolce_vita	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3283105
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_to_the_Bank	Straight to the Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Hip_(film)	From the Hip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_World_of_Horace_Ford	The Incredible World of Horace Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Knowles	Mathew Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_DeWitt	Rosemarie DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Kevin_Johnson	Meet Kevin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Box	Chinese Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Ball_(film)	The Crystal Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Boys	For the Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Moon_Rising	Black Moon Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggy_(song)	Piggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machucando	Machucando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Moscow	Mission to Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranald_MacDougall	Ranald MacDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Mortensen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q171363
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balalaika_(film)	Balalaika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Kelly	Queen Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dede_Allen	Dede Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Dramatic_Career	Mabel's Dramatic Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gang_Follies_of_1936	Our Gang Follies of 1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Franklin_(director)	Sidney Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Master	Wagon Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_minestrone	Il minestrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotti_Brothers_Records	Scotti Brothers Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_supertestimone	La supertestimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_Kumar	Rajendra Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitchcraft	Bitchcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Reznor	Trent Reznor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Hemings	Sally Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wai_Ka-fai	Wai Ka-Fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_Blue	The Moon Is Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourteen_Hours	Fourteen Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit:_The_Desolation_of_Smaug	The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Much	Two Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moana_(1926_film)	Moana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_in_Pink	Pretty in Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwyz_District	Schwyz District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizabeth_Scott	Lizabeth Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Misbehaves	Julia Misbehaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XI:_Invasion_of_the_Tinysauruses	The Land Before Time XI: Invasion of the Tinysauruses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Serandrei	Mario Serandrei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Rider_(2007_film)	Ghost Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Paynter	Robert Paynter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Armour_Dunham	Stanley Armour Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_State_of_Trance_2012	A State of Trance 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Man_(film)	Medicine Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons_Meet_the_Flintstones	The Jetsons Meet the Flintstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(2002_film)	Big Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Garmes	Lee Garmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dillane	Stephen Dillane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherri_Stoner	Sherri Stoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlant_Moscow_Oblast	Atlant Moscow Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliusz_Machulski	Juliusz Machulski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_Home	Finally Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Festa_Campanile	Pasquale Festa Campanile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannonball_Run	The Cannonball Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(1980_film)	Gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Berri	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q298905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_(film)	Union Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Donat	Robert Donat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Rosy_Ridge	The Romance of Rosy Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cacoyannis	Michael Cacoyannis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Reinhardt	Gottfried Reinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestar's_Quest	Firestar's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(The_Angel_Song)	Fly (The Angel Song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfits_(film)	The Misfits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandie_Newton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q229029
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Walker	Clay Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Metz	Vittorio Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_(2002_film)	Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anu_Malik	Anu Malik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhagana_Naatkal	Azhagana Naatkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Kate_Does	What Kate Does
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Legacy	Tron: Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIK_IF	AIK IF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_I_Love_You_Less_and_Less	Everyday I Love You Less and Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himitsu_Sentai_Gorenger	Himitsu Sentai Gorenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stu_Linder	Stu Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_II	Death Wish II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmelo_Bene	Carmelo Bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Witch_(2011_film)	Season of the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_Bardem	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134895
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harukaze_(Scandal_song)	Harukaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Germi	Pietro Germi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Francesco_Lavagnino	Angelo Francesco Lavagnino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Your_Blessings_(1959_film)	Count Your Blessings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(film)	Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capriccio_(1987_film)	Capriccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Outlaw	Day of the Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_(1955_film)	Untamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_(Rita_Ora_song)	Radioactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Sjödin	Tommy Sjödin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_Man	The Howling Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanta_Rao_(Telugu_actor)	Kanta Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Adverse	Anthony Adverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_and_Mary_Chain	The Jesus and Mary Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bludso	Jim Bludso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12B	12B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbaaz_Khan_(Indian_actor)	Arbaaz Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arappatta_Kettiya_Gramathil	Arappatta Kettiya Gramathil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Heaven_and_Hell_(film)	Between Heaven and Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Preston	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q236842
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail:_The_Treasure_of_Manhattan_Island	An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_for_Stefano	Bullet for Stefano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Bruce	Nigel Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Lasky	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1384661
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Coogan	Steve Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(2006_film)	All the King's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechicera	Hechicera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsupervised	Unsupervised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_(1994_film)	Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_of_Sagebrush_Gulch	The Goddess of Sagebrush Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brontë_Sisters	The Bronte Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netsai_Mukomberanwa	Netsai Mukomberanwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Blackmer	Sidney Blackmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renzo_Rossellini_(composer)	Renzo Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramanand_Sagar	Ramanand Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Murder	Double Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treat_Williams	Treat Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daraar	Daraar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_and_Heidi	Kennedy and Heidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ7	CJ7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkest_Hour_(novel)	The Darkest Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Spirit_(film)	In the Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelin'_You_(Bright_song)	Feelin' You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Dark_of_the_Moon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232774
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Elswit	Robert Elswit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_2	Infinity 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_Jim_(1936_film)	Piccadilly Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three's_Company	Three's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Jews	American Jews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Kasbah_(film)	Rock the Kasbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live_by_Night	They Live by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egao_Yes_Nude	Egao Yes Nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curly_Howard	Curly Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eazy-er_Said_Than_Dunn	Eazy-er Said Than Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Goetzman	Gary Goetzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passengers_(2008_film)	Passengers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Alley	Glory Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_(film)	Skippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Addiction_(song)	This Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Decision	The Valley of Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Williams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206181
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Semon	Larry Semon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rescue_(1929_film)	The Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Sekuła	Andrzej Sekuła
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grip!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1018514
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adversary_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	The Adversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_Genisys	Terminator Genisys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Maas	Dick Maas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogen_Poots	Imogen Poots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Tide_(Split_Enz_album)	Time and Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Malahide	Patrick Malahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_play	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q169930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illarikam	Illarikam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra	Frank Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Face_in_the_Crowd_(film)	A Face in the Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_European_Time	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Yorkin	Nicole Yorkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Boeing_(1985_film)	Boeing Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Gish	Lillian Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Property_Is_Condemned	This Property Is Condemned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(2001_film)	Down to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranavam_Arts_International	Pranavam Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloc_Party	Bloc Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Behind_the_Curtain	The Man Behind the Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obernewtyn_Chronicles	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7074781
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosmos_(Antic_Cafe_song)	Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_So_Far	My Life So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Jacks	Two Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189875
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Years_On	25 Years On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Johnson	Van Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avargal	Avargal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_World's_a_Stooge	All the World's a Stooge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Run	Stranger on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Card_(film)	Green Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_It_On_(song)	Pass It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultans_of_Swing	Sultans of Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin	Led Zeppelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Chihuahua	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q390341
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill_of_a_Romance	Thrill of a Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velvet_Underground_(album)	The Velvet Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_of_Gold_(Game_song)	Pot of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bobo	The Bobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(The_Cataracs_song)	Top of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Ride_(song)	On the Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmini_(actress)	Padmini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_48_Hrs.	Another 48 Hrs.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q165972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria	Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja_Rule	Ja Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Glover	Julian Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Cowboy	Carry On Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmathin_Thalaivan	Dharmathin Thalaivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exile_(1947_film)	The Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King	The Scorpion King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Goodbye	Sakura Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaisha_(The_Sopranos)	Kaisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivam	Shivam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_News_(film)	Big News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Dating	Blind Dating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valet	The Valet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Top_(film)	Over the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flim-Flam_Man	The Flim-Flam Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunting_Party_(2007_film)	The Hunting Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuad_I_of_Egypt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311839
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lommis	Lommis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volver	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209667
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unconditional_Love_(film)	Unconditional Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melted_Coins	The Melted Coins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw	The Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Milo	Sandra Milo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fix	Paul Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saikumar_(actor,_born_1963)	Saikumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_After_Midnight_(film)	London After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_Retaliation	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1146345
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Dru	Joanne Dru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_(film)	Red Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsène_Lupin_(1932_film)	Arsène Lupin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10th_Victim	The 10th Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1912_film)	Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Walks_into_a_Bar	Girl Walks into a Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsztyn_County	Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Low_(Waka_Flocka_Flame_song)	Get Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kildare_Goes_Home	Dr. Kildare Goes Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakkakuyil	Kakkakuyil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1941_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q718917
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Run_II	Cannonball Run II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazuppai_Haru_ni_Sakura_Saku	Amazuppai Haru ni Sakura Saku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufia_Kamal	Sufia Kamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_2	Child's Play 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Strode	Woody Strode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Antipov	Vladimir Antipov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Blond_Man_with_One_Black_Shoe	The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.G._(rapper)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q795220
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self/less	Self/less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Go_(Mike_Posner_song)	Please Don't Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(1940_film)	Pride and Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Troisi	Massimo Troisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(George_Harrison_song)	You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Reed	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189080
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Bath	Hubert Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_(1956_film)	War and Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_McAdams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q190386
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewafaa_(2005_film)	Bewafaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Seas_(film)	China Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Creole	King Creole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stormare	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295148
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108745
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller's_Day_Off	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana-bi	Hana-bi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Goodwin	Ron Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Rampling	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q234679
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Week_Tonight_with_John_Oliver	Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekha	Rekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Trembling	Fear and Trembling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1934_film)	The Merry Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FZ:OZ	FZ:OZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Flow_(Ace_Hood_song)	Cash Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2300172
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_'51	Europa '51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_II	Beverly Hills Cop II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Rats_(film)	The Desert Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhalgal_Ravi	Nizhalgal Ravi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Patterson_(animator)	Ray Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven	Driven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Dozois	Gardner Dozois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_We_Live	Today We Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_of_the_End_(Lost)	The Beginning of the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walker	The Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Frankel	Benjamin Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Tomorrow	The Unknown Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaavalan	Kaavalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Kelly's_Blues_(film)	Pete Kelly's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnin'_Up_(Jonas_Brothers_song)	Burnin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerky_Boys:_The_Movie	The Jerky Boys: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185724
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_of_Oz	Lion of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlam_in_Paradise	Bedlam in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitali_Karamnov	Vitali Karamnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siamese_Twin_Mystery	The Siamese Twin Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_(1955_film)	Summertime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Arjun	Karan Arjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._Cosmatos	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q504722
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Delerue	Georges Delerue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_DeLeon	Walter DeLeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Great_Divide	Along the Great Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Is_Your_Brother	He Is Your Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Sick..._It's_Free	Be Sick... It's Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheel_of_Darkness	The Wheel of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Liars	Lovers and Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Persuasion_(1956_film)	Friendly Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_Paradise	Trapped in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q869862
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_(2016_film)	Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Krishnarjuna_Yuddhamu	Sri Krishnarjuna Yudham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_in_the_Bag!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1675424
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland	Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_in_My_Heart	Ever in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville_Shavelson	Melville Shavelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Se_Hai_Zamana	Hum Se Hai Zamana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Idiots	3 Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Turn_Out_the_Light_And)_Love_Me_Tonight	(Turn Out the Light And) Love Me Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Browns_(film)	Meet the Browns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_R._Krasner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1396531
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Bykov	Vyacheslav Bykov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Ever_After_(1954_film)	Happy Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Night_Town	Summer Night Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Young	Freddie Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra's_Dream	Cassandra's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Wicked_Prayer	The Crow: Wicked Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers_(anthology)	Hackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Census,_No_Feeling	No Census, No Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raekwon	Raekwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Line_Features	Fine Line Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzeziny_County	Brzeziny County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daws_Butler	Daws Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelmet_Chelyabinsk	HC Mechel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1995_film)	Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(1937_film)	Easy Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Cult_Master	Kung Fu Cult Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Shulakov	Vitaly Shulakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Out_the_Dead	Bringing Out the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1959_film)	First Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags_of_Our_Fathers_(film)	Flags of Our Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_Ball	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209662
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Caliente	In Caliente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cage_aux_Folles_II	La Cage aux Folles II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_Ghosts	Michael Jackson's Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_(Björk_song)	Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_a_Funeral_(2010_film)	Death at a Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Nemesis	Star Trek: Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chargesheet_(film)	Charge Sheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnivàle	Carnivàle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Reynolds	Debbie Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virumbugiren	Virumbugiren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rykodisc	Rykodisc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronisław_Kaper	Bronisław Kaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shania_Twain	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131433
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunate_Son	Fortunate Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Silvestri	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q313537
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dictator	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q109116
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Producers_(2005_film)	The Producers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Separation_(film)	Six Degrees of Separation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Barton_(film_editor)	Roger Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_43	Movie 43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Sitters_Jitters	Baby Sitters Jitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McGraw	Tim McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Hitch-Hiker	Sweet Hitch-Hiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Pieraccioni	Leonardo Pieraccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Dutta	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q332876
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q175195
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compulsion_(1959_film)	Compulsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostface_Killah	Ghostface Killah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Sweet_Pie_and_Pie	In the Sweet Pie and Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_in_the_Dark_(film)	Footsteps in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cooper_(director)	Scott Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silencers_(film)	The Silencers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Roman	Phil Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Rog	Prem Rog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_secondo_tragico_Fantozzi	Il secondo tragico Fantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_from_the_Black_Lagoon	Creature from the Black Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocketeer_(film)	The Rocketeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affair_of_the_Necklace	The Affair of the Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Number_(1936_film)	Private Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Sense	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q183063
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-Rise_(film)	High-Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485803
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bejoy_Nambiar	Bejoy Nambiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Records	Cadillac Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Bikel	Theodore Bikel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_for_Love	Living for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Flemyng	Jason Flemyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(Britney_Spears_song)	3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell'anno_del_Signore	Nell'anno del Signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanil_Kalyanaraman	Japanil Kalyanaraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stéphane_Audran	Stéphane Audran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_My_Hood	Welcome to My Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_3	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q498109
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilkinsons	The Wilkinsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Bird_of_Youth_(film)	Sweet Bird of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muni_(film)	Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Wilson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q360663
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Heroes%22_(David_Bowie_song)	"Heroes"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxembourg	Luxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_(The_Rolling_Stones_album)	Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Hoffman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42930
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Mochida	Kaori Mochida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuosity	Virtuosity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_P._Hume	Leslie P. Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford's_Really_Big_Movie	Clifford's Really Big Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Nabokov_(ice_hockey)	Dmitri Nabokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Exotic_Marigold_Hotel	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_(Are_Out_Tonight)	The Stars (Are Out Tonight)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(Prince_song)	Automatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(1910_film)	Ramona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Roxbury	A Night at the Roxbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Pyaar_Kyun_Kiya%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1423873
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_(The_Zutons_song)	Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grazer	Brian Grazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonogenic_Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7187276
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennie_Hayton	Lennie Hayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Boy's_Life_(film)	This Boy's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carroll_(actor)	John Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Burke_Gilbert	Herschel Burke Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Korine	Harmony Korine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentino_(1977_film)	Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_the_World_Ended	Day the World Ended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hale_Boggs,_Jr.	Thomas Hale Boggs, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_the_Women	Westward the Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_in_Line	The Last in Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Colombier	Michel Colombier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russi_Taylor	Russi Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_(Arashi_song)	Lotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Näköradiomiehen_ihmeelliset_siekailut	N\u00e4k\u00f6radiomiehen ihmeelliset siekailut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_McBeal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q244803
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisters_(2005_film)	The Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaanam_Samjha_Karo	Jaanam Samjha Karo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Song_(Glee)	Swan Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_It_Up_(film)	Light It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Paul	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200577
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Sugar_Man	Searching for Sugar Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nervous_Man_in_a_Four_Dollar_Room	Nervous Man in a Four Dollar Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Carry_On!	That's Carry On!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhowani_Junction_(film)	Bhowani Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molot-Prikamye_Perm	Molot-Prikamye Perm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aryan	The Aryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)	John Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_wa_Jitensha_Watashi_wa_Densha_de_Kitaku	Kimi wa Jitensha Watashi wa Densha de Kitaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Del_Ruth	Roy Del Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Lurie	Evan Lurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amleto_Palermi	Amleto Palermi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(1910_film)	Faithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Grishin_(ice_hockey)	Alexei Grishin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsemen_(film)	Horsemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Those	One of Those
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_to_Love_You_Baby_(song)	Love to Love You Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Tunberg	Karl Tunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Yakubov	Mikhail Yakubov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hopkins_(director)	Stephen Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunfighter	The Gunfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avant-garde_music	avant-garde music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_rock	soft rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma-Ma-Ma_Belle	Ma-Ma-Ma Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Power_Generation	The New Power Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housekeeper's_Daughter	The Housekeeper's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Page	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q165467
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gower_Champion	Gower Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,000_BC_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q163899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Symbol	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon,_Switzerland	Mon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_(film)	Ashok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_David	Keith David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Crosby	David Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Terror_(film)	Reign of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Pope	Bill Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Halsey	Forrest Halsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_&_Obelix_Take_On_Caesar	Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortal_Storm	The Mortal Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_IX:_Journey_to_Big_Water	The Land Before Time IX: Journey to Big Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ritter	John Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Girl_(2004_film)	Jersey Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Forster_(musician)	Robert Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamorph_(film)	Anamorph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance	Deliverance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba_(film)	Melba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleaner_(film)	Cleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sleeping_Life	A Sleeping Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Gora	Claudio Gora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornella_Muti	Ornella Muti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Akon_album)	Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_from_Castile	Captain from Castile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You,_Me_and_Dupree	You, Me and Dupree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess_Records	Chess Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Luv'	With Luv'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5043
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League:_Crisis_on_Two_Earths	Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raghava_Lawrence	Raghava Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Night_(film)	A Hard Day's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kremlin_Letter	The Kremlin Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea	Mediterranean Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feelies	The Feelies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Winkler	Henry Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Australasia	Warner Music Australasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchise_Brizzi	Anchise Brizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wallace	Oliver Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manichitrathazhu	Manichitrathazhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1956_film)	The Ten Commandments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Williams	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201562
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Light_(1932_film)	The Blue Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fletcher_Memorial_Home	The Fletcher Memorial Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottesville,_Virginia	Charlottesville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Eilaboun	The Sons of Eilaboun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stiller	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Will	She Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_(novel)	Athabasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(rapper)	The Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taal_(film)	Taal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Sale_(film)	Fire Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Daughter_Never_Cries_(film)	A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_II_of_Iraq	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q149724
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_I_Borrow_a_Dollar%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1110399
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Ball_(song)	Mirror Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Flubber	Son of Flubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_15	Machine 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Wings,_Dark_Words	Dark Wings, Dark Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hype	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1514095
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hondo_(film)	Hondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelig	Zelig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2532586
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_My_Best_Friend_(Don_Williams_song)	You're My Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(2009_film)	Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonfire_of_the_Vanities_(film)	The Bonfire of the Vanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Winters	Jonathan Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Benioff	David Benioff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krippendorf's_Tribe	Krippendorf's Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Town_(film)	Boys Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmmaking	filmmaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Shit	New York Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(2001_film)	Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clambakes_Series_Vol._3	The Clambakes Series Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_British	Gaumont-British Picture Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huub_Stapel	Huub Stapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Years_of_Our_Lives	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q645094
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pals_and_Gals	Pals and Gals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_HD_2.5_Remix	Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver_City,_California	Culver City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Number	My Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Car_Running	Keep the Car Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayakan_(1987_film)	Nayagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Breaking_My_Heart_(film)	Don't Go Breaking My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyō_to_Kimi_ga_Egaku_Story	Taiyō to Kimi ga Egaku Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Baldwin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q170572
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_(Black_Sabbath_song)	Paranoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Bashkirov	Andrei Bashkirov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Zinovjev	Sergei Zinovjev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tum_Aur_Ghost	Hum Tum Aur Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwesigwa_Rukutana	Mwesigwa Rukutana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishonored_Lady	Dishonored Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_House_(novel)	Halfway House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop-Loss_(film)	Stop-Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Bird_(1940_film)	The Blue Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Lonergan	Kenneth Lonergan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Doomsday	Superman: Doomsday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stateline_Motel	L'ultima chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_Kills	Machete Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Carol	An American Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agora_(film)	Agora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakrosh_(2010_film)	Aakrosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Having_a_Baby	She's Having a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1960_film)	Swiss Family Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_on_the_Edge_of_Goodbye	Standing on the Edge of Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_(Every_Little_Thing_album)	Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbasid_Caliphate	Abbasid caliphate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteout_(2009_film)	Whiteout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Klein	Robert Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_the_Western_Hills	A Romance of the Western Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_motorizzate	Le motorizzate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Last_Night_(1986_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1535888
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Violet	American Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_You_Love_Me_(Justin_Bieber_song)	As Long as You Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Joffe	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q376138
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noël_Coward	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q298388
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_director	music director
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Celentano	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q199943
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafe_Metropole	Cafe Metropole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Wald	Jerry Wald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nallavanuku_Nallavan	Nallavanuku Nallavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Frankenstein	Son of Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziegfeld_Girl_(film)	Ziegfeld Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Prinze,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q309756
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_for_a_Day	Lady for a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Sixth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_Vacation	A Brief Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_from_Eva	Deliver Us from Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Too_Deep_(film)	In Too Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Always	Together Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_an_Old_Woman_(novel)	There Was an Old Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_a_Date_with_Tad_Hamilton!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1364349
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bieber	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34086
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kline	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105817
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_(1988_film)	Vijay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roof_(film)	The Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britpop	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189045
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_L._Breen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q506404
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_I_of_Denmark	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q206315
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Harry	The Trouble with Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Clinton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q364631
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Pyramid	The Jungle Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Weird_World_of_Dr._Goldfoot	The Wild Weird World of Dr. Goldfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyman_(film)	Candyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karz_(film)	Karz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Vietnam	Good Morning, Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Nights	Pleasant Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father's_Dilemma	Prima comunione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Earp	Warren Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_Love	Doctor in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Condor_(film)	El Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagpole_Jitters	Flagpole Jitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Azmi	Baba Azmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loop_Ash_Records	Loop Ash Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_(Hey!_Say!_JUMP_song)	Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(film_series)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1356213
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer	synthesizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Flight_(film)	High Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way...Way_Out	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1165872
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_(film)	Indira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(film)	A Bridge Too Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivakasi_(film)	Sivakasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Owen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q183178
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_Koltai	Lajos Koltai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Kuch_Hota_Hai	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q623336
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Laszlo	Andrew Laszlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg	Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_cavaliere_misterioso	Il cavaliere misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_B.I.G._(song)	Notorious B.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_555	Kamen Rider 555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Singularity	Beyond Singularity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Better_Blues	Mo' Better Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(50_Cent_song)	My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop!_Or_My_Mom_Will_Shoot	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q254555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_It_on_the_Floor	Get It on the Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joan_(film)	Saint Joan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Mother	Bachelor Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Who%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4053119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuvathurki	Yuvathurki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Gun_(song)	Love Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Emmer	Luciano Emmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Maja	The Naked Maja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rum_Diary_(film)	The Rum Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.M.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentieth_Century_(film)	Twentieth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Chan	Gordon Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Window	Secret Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Red	The Bride Wore Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Think_About_Me	Do You Think About Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Elam	Jack Elam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senso_(film)	Senso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Trafalgar	Sharpe's Trafalgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Accuse!	I Accuse!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stack	Robert Stack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Currier	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3430604
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lerner_(actor)	Michael Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soha_Ali_Khan	Soha Ali Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Duvivier	Julien Duvivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryde_or_Die,_Bitch	Ryde or Die, Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Anxiety	High Anxiety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_Too_Much	I Dream Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Contner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q764497
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corsair_(1937_film)	The Black Corsair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veerasamy	Veerasamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Colorful_Character	13 Colorful Character
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_Angry	Drive Angry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_(2012_film)	Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Gate_(1998_film)	China Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(Pink_Floyd_song)	High Hopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Oizo	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q453691
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Daughters	Four Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_O'Brien	Virginia O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oye_Mi_Canto_(Hear_My_Voice)	Oye Mi Canto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_(Shady_Records_song)	You Don't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mulligan	Robert Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Rousselot	Philippe Rousselot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three-Cornered_Moon	Three-Cornered Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Bodies_(film)	Warm Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Shearmur	Edward Shearmur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_&_I	The Kid & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat!	That Darn Cat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lanfield	Sidney Lanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Malkovich	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172261
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Laura_Mars	Eyes of Laura Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sônia_Braga	Sônia Braga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Broughton	Bruce Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Scotland	Bonnie Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hollywood,_California	West Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_New_Pussycat%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q195402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Shiv_Shankar	Jai Shiv Shankar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_(film)	Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cave_(film)	The Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupo!	Lupo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Robbins	Tim Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Gaucho	Il Gaucho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47670
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_One_(film)	The Power of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayerling_(1957_film)	Mayerling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benkiyalli_Aralida_Hoovu	Benkiyalli Aralida Hoovu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Banks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219373
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deltasonic	Deltasonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(song)	Woodstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_and_Carry_(film)	Cash and Carry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riz_Ortolani	Riz Ortolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Records	Festival Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1956_film)	The Man Who Knew Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barefoot_Contessa	The Barefoot Contessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandi_(song)	Shandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_(The_Twilight_Zone)	Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rope_(film)	Rope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagathy_Sreekumar	Jagathy Sreekumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Fu_Manchu	The Face of Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripped_(song)	Stripped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Silence	The Great Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton_(album)	Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_H._Morgan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3154247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Missouri	University of Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostrophe_(')	Apostrophe (')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_Sex	The Opposite Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fierstein	Harvey Fierstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Webb	Clifton Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Marley	Damian Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Cahill_(director)	Mike Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Uns_et_les_Autres	Les Uns et les Autres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rovers	Wild Rovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Sign	The High Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadish	Jagadish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_on_the_Door	The Mark on the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Children	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7460492
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Mattoli	Mario Mattoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfinger_(Ash_song)	Goldfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Firestorm	Sonic Firestorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaudine	William Beaudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Braunberger	Pierre Braunberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagya_Rekha	Bhagya Rekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apeman's_Secret	The Apeman's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Darkness	Army of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Love_(film)	Without Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedora_(film)	Fedora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onegai_Miwaku_no_Target	Onegai Miwaku no Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCD2_Records	DCD2 Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelly	Nelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1950_film)	Father of the Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita,_Kansas	Wichita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Brothers_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q109767
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_(2002_film)	Gerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhookailas_(film)	Bhookailas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Travis	Randy Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumemiru_Tsubasa	Yumemiru Tsubasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fog_Over_Frisco	Fog Over Frisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimp	The Chimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Knew_What_They_Wanted_(film)	They Knew What They Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umesh_Mehra	Umesh Mehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Ground_(Stevie_Wonder_song)	Higher Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirious%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1184300
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_to_the_Water	Run to the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thamizhan	Thamizhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Motels	200 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_to_Reserva	The Key to Reserva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sinner	The Great Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_ibn_Ali	Al-Abbas ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Lussier	Patrick Lussier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_language	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5287
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snake_Pit	The Snake Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Spacey	Kevin Spacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_Lights	Variety Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ladies_Meet_(1933_film)	When Ladies Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Man_Records	Asian Man Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Abi_Diyaf	Ahmad ibn Abi Diyaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Petrenko	Sergei Petrenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City	Guatemala City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_to_Her	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q478780
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sizemore	Tom Sizemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Paramore_song)	Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Over_Sanctaphrax	Midnight Over Sanctaphrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Aphrodite	Mighty Aphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpol_(1957_film)	Interpol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Phillips_(film)	Captain Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panthea_(1917_film)	Panthea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Visiting_(film)	Just Visiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_One	Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magistrate_(1959_film)	The Magistrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodies_(song)	Goodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_(film)	Fantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranchiyettan_&_the_Saint	Pranchiyettan & the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174710
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Undersea_Search	Tom Swift and His Undersea Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(1933_film)	Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorawar_Singh_(Sikhism)	Sahibzada Zorawar Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiest_Days_of_Your_Life	The Happiest Days of Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilpa_Shetty	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270665
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rompe	Rompe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Someday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_Courageous_(1937_film)	Captains Courageous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Collins,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q935167
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Men_Out	Eight Men Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waiters'_Picnic	The Waiters' Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_(1992_film)	Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_Go_Around_the_World_in_a_Daze	The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_vs._Secretary	Wife vs. Secretary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Oiseau_bleu_(song)	L'Oiseau bleu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Life	What Is Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apoorva_Sagodharargal_(1989_film)	Apoorva Sagodharargal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Lannister	Jaime Lannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Around_the_World	Girls Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(1949_film)	The Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Would_Be_King_(film)	The Man Who Would Be King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Zavattini	Cesare Zavattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Schiff	Richard Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_and_the_Passion	The Pride and the Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi_Lovato	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q41173
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_and_Martin	Alice and Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ephron	Henry Ephron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hollaender	Friedrich Hollaender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Vortex!	Pacific Vortex!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_with_the_Steins	Keeping Up with the Steins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_in_This_Bitch	We in This Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hired_Wife	Hired Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singaravelan	Singaravelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stratton_Story	The Stratton Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Serling	Rod Serling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_My_Name	You Don't Know My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunston_Checks_In	Dunston Checks In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lady's_Morals	A Lady's Morals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsie	Tootsie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salvation_Army_Lass	The Salvation Army Lass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_E.S.P.	Stars on ESP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Made_It	We Made It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmylou_Harris	Emmylou Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._B._Warner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1562547
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eeny_Meeny_Miny_Moe_(Luv'_song)	Eeny Meeny Miny Moe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Koi_no_Uta	Osaka Koi no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H._Ince	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q942822
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_in_My_Shoes	Walking in My Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sorvino	Paul Sorvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Hope	Chicago Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Crime	Love Is a Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Kind_of_Woman	His Kind of Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hurt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200405
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Crumbling_Wall	The Clue in the Crumbling Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Lady_in_Town	Strange Lady in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Lyndon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q471716
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(film)	How the West Was Won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William,_It_Was_Really_Nothing	William, It Was Really Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Murawski	Bob Murawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry-Go-Round_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q19973562
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyon_(film_editor)	William Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loser_(Beck_song)	Loser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Sitka	Emil Sitka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bart	Roger Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Ahead_(Split_Enz_song)	One Step Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_James_and_the_Shondells	Tommy James and the Shondells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Anniversary	Chuck Versus the Anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev	Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Something_About_Mary	There's Something About Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1998_TV_series)	Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho+Logical-Records	Psycho+Logical-Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(1992_film)	Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Dance_(song)	First Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_El_Presidente	Meet El Presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier_Award	Laurence Olivier Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Do_in_Denver_When_You're_Dead	Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_(film)	Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22_(Lily_Allen_song)	22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Masetti	Enzo Masetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_(film)	Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insignificance_(film)	Insignificance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahman_(actor)	Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina,_Pretty_Ballerina	Nina, Pretty Ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Sullivan	Maureen O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easter_Parade_(film)	Easter Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1997_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44578
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It!_Now_(Morning_Musume_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1137299
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_You_(song)	Here's to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Burnett	Carol Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Barrymore	Lionel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Smith-Cameron	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q452979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Willing	Young and Willing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Videll	Linus Videll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Magic	Strange Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gielgud	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204685
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Planet_(song)	Blue Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manivannan	Manivannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._C._H._Pounder	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q236434
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsara_Kanna	Minsara Kanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Slovis	Michael Slovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski	J. Michael Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_(2002_film)	S1m0ne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello!_(Good_to_Be_Back)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q718890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dandy_in_Aspic	A Dandy in Aspic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg	Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansa_Stark	Sansa Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasurenai_kara	Wasurenai kara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Peabody_and_the_Mermaid	Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Goes_the_Hash	Crash Goes the Hash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflowers_(Dolly_Parton_song)	Wildflowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Sidney	Sylvia Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Heart_Mother	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210122
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Dion	Celine Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Fossey	Brigitte Fossey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braddock:_Missing_in_Action_III	Braddock: Missing in Action III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Irma_(film)	My Friend Irma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(entertainer)	Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Holly_(song)	Buddy Holly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Runs_Forever	Nobody Runs Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Dredd_(film)	Judge Dredd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10th_&_Wolf	10th & Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Thoughts/Tulips	Little Thoughts\/Tulips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.-Seven_Arts	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3298971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_(1984_film)	The Hit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss!_Kiss!_Kiss!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1198807
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Weston	Jack Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roja	Roja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrival_(The_Twilight_Zone)	The Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Opportunities_(film)	Career Opportunities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Bed	The Royal Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Time_Zone	Eastern Time Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Lo	Lowell Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Perrineau	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q310551
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Adam_(film)	Young Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filhaal...	Filhaal...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_of_My_Heart	Grace of My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Music	Rock and Roll Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemmy	Lemmy Kilmister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soloist	The Soloist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf's_Up_(film)	Surf's Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Burke	Billie Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chump_at_Oxford	A Chump at Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Starr_(film)	Belle Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Radar_Over_the_Top	Under the Radar Over the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_over_Broadway	Bullets Over Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_Yours	Let Me Be Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cesare_di_Bazan	Don Cesare di Bazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Stott	Ken Stott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Called_Flintstone	The Man Called Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Sarde	Philippe Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lying_Is_the_Most_Fun_a_Girl_Can_Have_Without_Taking_Her_Clothes_Off	Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Sundarrajan	Major Sundarrajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Evidence_(1993_film)	Body of Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Quarter_of_Silence	Detective Conan: Quarter of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_of_Missing_Persons	Bureau of Missing Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Chaplin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230636
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jaeckel	Richard Jaeckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto	Shinya Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_t'aime..._moi_non_plus	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q128028
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symona_Boniface	Symona Boniface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belles_on_Their_Toes_(film)	Belles on Their Toes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible:_A_Sitch_in_Time	Kim Possible: A Sitch in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Skull_Mountain	The Secret of Skull Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_to_Pieces	Falling to Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Frankenstein	Bride of Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Perry	The Band Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai_Namida/Beehive	Akai Namida/Beehive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Chow	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q311179
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Past_Dead	Half Past Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bartha	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q110379
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_Records	Threshold Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Brave_(1949_film)	Home of the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_of_Chucky	Seed of Chucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_(film)	Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada	Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiator_(album)	Radiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Love_(X_Japan_song)	Forever Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_to_Blow	Money to Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1935	Gold Diggers of 1935
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Lies_(film)	Body of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Aran	Man of Aran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan	Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Walsh	Raoul Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crushed_Velvet_Apocalypse	Crushed Velvet Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_in_Vienna	Reunion in Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbroke_Every_Day	Heartbroke Every Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(film)	Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Eagle	Flight of the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Latina	Warner Music Latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191755
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Hard	Play Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_Records	Matador Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Television	Walt Disney Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash-Up,_the_Story_of_a_Woman	Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Burr	Raymond Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(song)	Revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-il	Kim Jong-il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Carr	Steve Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Keys	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q121507
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_(Luv'_song)	My Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Night	Shark Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Harline	Leigh Harline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curly_Top_(film)	Curly Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(2005_film)	The Longest Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterfeit_Traitor	The Counterfeit Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Rights_(song)	Animal Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_Evil	The Origin of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibouti	Djibouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Men_(film)	Middle Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aki_Kaurismäki	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q276186
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Robótica	Sexy Robótica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao_Bella_(song)	Ciao Bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dont_Look_Back	Dont Look Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Guest	Val Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Waxman	Franz Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34692
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadakiss	Jadakiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Montgomery_(actor)	Robert Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_Museum	Muscle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hoffman_(director)	Michael Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Suglobov	Aleksander Suglobov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Faltermeyer	Harold Faltermeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kildare's_Wedding_Day	Dr. Kildare's Wedding Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Gay_Harden	Marcia Gay Harden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Minor_(song)	Cirrus Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_as_I_Once_Was	As Good as I Once Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masquerader_(1914_film)	The Masquerader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Jay_Gould	Frank Jay Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/İhsan_Sabancı	İhsan Sabancı
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_Easy_(Love_Nothing)	Take It Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallant_Journey	Gallant Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Love_You_(Akon_song)	I Wanna Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_J._White	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1762270
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warp_(record_label)	Warp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(2005_film)	Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creeps_(film)	Creeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Budapest_Hotel	The Grand Budapest Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Buddies	Snow Buddies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Ugarov	Alexei Ugarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Spur	The Naked Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohail_Khan	Sohail Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ay_Chico_(Lengua_Afuera)	Ay Chico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_L.O.V.E.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q247785
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanette_Bordeaux	Nanette Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(1994_film)	Only You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Catch	Summer Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Night_(song)	Rock the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Bruise_Easily	I Bruise Easily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_You_Make_Me_Feel	The Way You Make Me Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'armata_Brancaleone	L'armata Brancaleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_the_West	Hearts of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artyom_Kryukov	Artem Kryukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kane	Joseph Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone's_Hero	Everyone's Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_Beach_Party	Muscle Beach Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirious_(Prince_song)	Delirious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shame_Is_True	My Shame Is True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(Tommy_James_and_the_Shondells_song)	She
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_James_(cinematographer)	Peter James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selection_Sixteen	Selection Sixteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnnaSophia_Robb	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105695
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_in_paradiso	Fantozzi in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry_Arbogast	Thierry Arbogast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totò_Tarzan	Totò Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Money_Records	Cash Money Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Sizzling_Shrimp	Chuck Versus the Sizzling Shrimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(The_Rolling_Stones_album)	Dirty Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayed_(1954_film)	Betrayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Lucas	Matt Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation	animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_City	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34863
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Remar	James Remar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_&_Kumar_Escape_from_Guantanamo_Bay	Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_Go_Insane	The Right to Go Insane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43196
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacinda_Barrett	Jacinda Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Roland	Graham Roland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lal_Jose	Lal Jose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Them	One of Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Geese_II	Wild Geese II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_De_Sica	Manuel De Sica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Always_Fair_Weather	It's Always Fair Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Records	Food Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Zhmakin	Stanislav Zhmakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember%3F_(1939_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q527654
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Carpenter	Russell Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Benjamin_Sofer	Samuel Benjamin Sofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Jones	Shirley Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Zapponi	Bernardino Zapponi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_(film)	Duets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_(2003_film)	Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Viertel	Peter Viertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mychael_Danna	Mychael Danna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Network	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185888
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1997_film)	Anna Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_My_Life	I Live My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(band)	Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Levinson	Barry Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Two_Faces_(1934_film)	The Man with Two Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Terabithia_(2007_film)	Bridge to Terabithia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lhomme	Pierre Lhomme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Tryin'	I'm Tryin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q642501
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaches_(The_Stranglers_song)	Peaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Tuesday_(song)	Ruby Tuesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eazy-E	Eazy-E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonesuch_Records	Nonesuch Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addams_Family_(film)	The Addams Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uh-Ohhh!	Uh-Ohhh!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Game_(2014_film)	Big Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonida_Barboni	Leonida Barboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_A._Evans	Bruce A. Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Allyson	June Allyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Wing_(EP)	Broken Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(1997_film)	The Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'You_Know_What_I_Mean%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q127311
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hawkins	Jack Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Diamond_Phillips	Lou Diamond Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Two_Flags_(1936_film)	Under Two Flags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Barkin	Ellen Barkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Green_(composer)	Philip Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friz_Freleng	Friz Freleng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny's_3rd_Movie:_1001_Rabbit_Tales	Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Hepburn	Katharine Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sarossy	Paul Sarossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Amritraj	Ashok Amritraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambling_Rose_(film)	Rambling Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laughing_Policeman_(novel)	The Laughing Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Luck_(1921_film)	Hard Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Business_(1952_film)	Monkey Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London	London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Love_(1947_film)	Last Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Lear_(1987_film)	King Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Robinson_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1122805
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Amy	Chasing Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Truckers	Space Truckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basquiat_(film)	Basquiat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1131815
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_Ryder	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q101797
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Morning_(The_Coral_song)	In the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174153
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Ghosts	City of Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithfully_(Faith_Evans_album)	Faithfully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ducking_They_Did_Go	A Ducking They Did Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)	Andrew Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moderns	The Moderns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Windmill	The Black Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Action_(film)	A Civil Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_After_20_Years	Big Deal After 20 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singham	Singham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Run_(1936_film)	Love on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Ferrer	Mel Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors_trilogy	Three Colors trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Be_Dragons	There Be Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Blues	Birthday Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionsgate_Films	Lionsgate Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Fingerprints	The Myth of Fingerprints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then_(film)	Now and Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rundown	The Rundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Saravanan_(film_producer)	M. Saravanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Coney_Island	At Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemp_Howard	Shemp Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Analysis	Final Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Dead_II	Evil Dead II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinodayathra	Vinodayathra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(1999_film)	Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspiria	Suspiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mumbaai	Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Hume	William J. Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh	The Seventh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Egoyan	Atom Egoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Moore	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134333
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Del_Ruth	Thomas Del Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concorde_..._Airport_'79	The Concorde ... Airport '79
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_Your_Mother_Know	Does Your Mother Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithunam_(1993_film)	Mithunam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittagong_(film)	Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman's_Agreement	Gentleman's Agreement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Island_(film)	Wake Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobcat_Goldthwait	Bobcat Goldthwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Believe_(Weezer_album)	Make Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(actor)	Jim Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Shilkret	Nathaniel Shilkret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(song)	Iron Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_(1929_film)	Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34851
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume:_The_Story_of_a_Murderer_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q164813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simran_(actress)	Simran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Good_Turn_(1931_film)	One Good Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Days	The Five Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Comrade	Tender Comrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds,_the_Bees_and_the_Italians	The Birds, the Bees and the Italians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Like_the_Rain	Nothing Like the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Mini:_Ikiru_to_Iu_Chikara	2 Mini: Ikiru to Iu Chikara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fisherman	The Big Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_3:_Dream_Warriors	A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_and_Stripes_Forever_(film)	Stars and Stripes Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Everybody%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2675185
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apoorva_Raagangal	Apoorva Raagangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail	An American Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Come_(2001_film)	Kingdom Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Cat's_Eye	Lovely Cat's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._V._Sasi	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q5968095
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_It_on_Me_(Ja_Rule_song)	Put It on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Chase_(film)	The Paper Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Nelson	Willie Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorrie_Morgan	Lorrie Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabian_Strategy	The Fabian Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Agito	Kamen Rider Agito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawyer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40348
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'amour_n'est_rien...	L'amour n'est rien...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Molly_Maguires_(film)	The Molly Maguires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Fear	Never Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Leone	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q164562
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_of_Sherlock_Holmes'_Smarter_Brother	The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Two	Twice Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Muthaphuckkin_G's	Real Muthaphuckkin G's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Called_Gerald	A Guy Called Gerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanashiki_Amefuri_/_Adam_to_Eve_no_Dilemma	Kanashiki Amefuri / Adam to Eve no Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitch!_The_Movie	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1468857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Was_Fab	When We Was Fab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Darrieux	Danielle Darrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Lohan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44903
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age:_Continental_Drift	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q35951
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(2010_film)	Morning Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook_(film)	Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dhamaal	Double Dhamaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Harrison_(screenwriter)	Joan Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Sonnenfeld	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q317567
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namida_no_Furusato	Namida no Furusato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_of_tha_Month	1st of tha Month
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Rome_with_Love_(film)	To Rome with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Soul/Snow_Song	In My Soul\/Snow Song from Mars & Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_T._Friendly	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1176800
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Leaf	Bright Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money,_Cash,_Hoes	Money, Cash, Hoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breaking_Point_(1950_film)	The Breaking Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liège	Liège
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reena_Roy	Reena Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side_(Lou_Reed_song)	Walk on the Wild Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musafir_(2004_film)	Musafir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Their_Last_Yacht	Down to Their Last Yacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrymore	John Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Davydov	Ilya Davydov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Finger_Exercise_(film)	Five Finger Exercise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arashi	Arashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Buscemi	Steve Buscemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cassandra_Crossing	The Cassandra Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Sojourn	Seventh Sojourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Clark_(film_editor)	Jim Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_La_Cava	Gregory La Cava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Men	Mystery Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Temple_Drake	The Story of Temple Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4th_Floor_(1999_film)	The 4th Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Hudson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q169946
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_(film)	Basic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(1929_film)	The Virginian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Vertue	Sue Vertue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Yoko_Ono_album)	Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Saint	Catch the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana	Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Motels_(soundtrack)	200 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_a_Warhol	I Wanna Be A Warhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Warburton	Patrick Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_no_Na	Hana no Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedian	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q245068
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Clothes_(2001_film)	The Emperor's New Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Rider	Low Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Den-O	Kamen Rider Den-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbed_(band)	Disturbed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Veil_(1951_film)	The Blue Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatricality	Theatricality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense8	Sense8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Bhagat_Singh	The Legend of Bhagat Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Young_(actor)	Robert Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dum_Maaro_Dum_(film)	Dum Maaro Dum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Trouble	Female Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_You_Going_on_Holiday%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3359260
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Cooper	Gladys Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Temperton	Rod Temperton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Machine_Records	Big Machine Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Get	Flying Get
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixies	Pixies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nee%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3052383
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Cross_(film)	The Seventh Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Levey	Stan Levey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underneath_(film)	The Underneath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Daniel	Sean Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotica_(film)	Exotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Had_a_New_York_Girlfriend	I Had a New York Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1948_film)	Hamlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pammal_K._Sambandam	Pammal K. Sambandam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_of_the_Timberland	Guns of the Timberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_(2004_film)	Silver City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Artists_Records	United Artists Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843	Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series	Star Trek: The Original Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Dorn	Philip Dorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201358
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoram_Globus	Yoram Globus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_River_Valley_AVA	Russian River Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Gigolo_(1978_film)	Just a Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Tunes	Sheffield Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Party	Beach Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evictors	The Evictors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Berlin	Jeannie Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Tonti	Aldo Tonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Helen	Raising Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_(1996_film)	Rajkumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kind	Richard Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Alright_(Loudon_Wainwright_III_album)	I'm Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASEketball	BASEketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Vincenzoni	Luciano Vincenzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Milano	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189067
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hemings	John Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization_(film)	Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Montesano	Enrico Montesano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikini_Beach	Bikini Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitch_in_Yoo	The Bitch in Yoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Hooker_Goes_Hollywood	The Happy Hooker Goes Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_for_the_Moon_(1930_film)	Reaching for the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Sixteen	Christine Sixteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_locandiera_(film)	La locandiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_U.N.C.L.E.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1247482
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_(1941_film)	Skylark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City	Quebec City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dutch_Shoe_Mystery	The Dutch Shoe Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(1994_film)	Speechless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Guinness	Alec Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Twelve	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q504053
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Yeoman	Robert Yeoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Wild	The River Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_of_the_City	The Beast of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(2004_film)	The Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q180338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(1970_film)	Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Hold_Your_Hand	I Want to Hold Your Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_rock	glam rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Pigs	March of the Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_You_(film)	Just for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hateship,_Loveship	Hateship, Loveship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Kuznetsov	Maxim Kuznetsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_(ice_hockey)	centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Trail_(film)	Jubilee Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hired_a_Contract_Killer	I Hired a Contract Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_In_(song)	Hangin' In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Ono	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q117012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(Lost)	The End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Me_But_Kill_Me_with_Kisses	Straziami, ma di baci saziami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eschlikon	Eschlikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-pop	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131578
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Illinois	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28515
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(1940_film)	Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Fish_Came_Out	The Day the Fish Came Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(song)	Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Lose_Your_Head	Don't Lose Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Speedman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q336131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_(2011_film)	Monte Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorite_Girl	Favorite Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Great_Train_Robbery	The First Great Train Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipalities_of_Switzerland	municipality of Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Pink_Floyd_song)	Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Freulich	Henry Freulich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Boggs	Hale Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverado_(film)	Silverado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Jon	Lil Jon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Breaks_Loose	Hell Breaks Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_If_You_Can	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208108
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_+_Ur_Hand	U + Ur Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Hills,_Los_Angeles	Woodland Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Rogers	Ginger Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Minear	Tim Minear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Locomotive_Chase	The Great Locomotive Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Loren	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43252
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Saga	The Godfather Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VIII:_The_Big_Freeze	The Land Before Time VIII: The Big Freeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_(Akon_song)	Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightplan	Flightplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q34217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Japan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q179767
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guilt_of_Janet_Ames	The Guilt of Janet Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Winter_Comes	If Winter Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_(film)	28 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Emerson_(filmmaker)	John Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimly_Fiendish	Grimly Fiendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Timberlake	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43432
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pēteris_Skudra	Pēteris Skudra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamcatcher_(2003_film)	Dreamcatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordertown_(2006_film)	Bordertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Elephants	Flying Elephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts	Springfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Arkin	Alan Arkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettaiyaadu_Vilaiyaadu_(2006_film)	Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_I_Breathe	The Air I Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamers_(album)	The Dreamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisham_Zreiq	Hisham Zreiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrah	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q332720
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_(The_Kinks_song)	Shangri-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_(film)	Dark Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Rishi	Mukesh Rishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Masses	Music for the Masses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab,_Pakistan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4478
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Funny_Guy	Little Funny Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppets_Most_Wanted	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4120951
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Bergman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacifier	The Pacifier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_in_Lisbon	One Night in Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastard_out_of_Carolina_(film)	Bastard Out of Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Algiers	The Battle of Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Lynley	Carol Lynley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhaler_(Foals_song)	Inhaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pledge_(film)	The Pledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Voyage_Home	The Long Voyage Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Goes_to_Rio	Nancy Goes to Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(band)	Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Time_(Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine)	Hard Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manatsu_no_Kōsen	Manatsu no Kōsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_(Martin_Garrix_song)	Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Evans	Edith Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_of_the_Spirits	Juliet of the Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelace_(film)	Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_I_Lie_to_You%3F_(Eurythmics_song)	Would I Lie to You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Prawer_Jhabvala	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q235759
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_Rangers_(film)	The Forest Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Heights	Liberty Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_(The_Young_Ones)	Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shipping_News_(film)	The Shipping News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204057
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(1945_film)	Spellbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tracy	Lee Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Amber_(film)	Forever Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1937_film)	The Prisoner of Zenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenore_Coffee	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1818206
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaynab_bint_Ali	Zaynab bint Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_(The_Killing)	Bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Febbre_da_cavallo	Febbre da cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are._(Do_As_Infinity_song)	We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Preston	Billy Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Around	Once Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irony_(Wonder_Girls_song)	The Wonder Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatranj_Ke_Khilari	Shatranj Ke Khilari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribel_Verdú	Maribel Verdú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortured_(film)	Tortured
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Ruddy	Albert S. Ruddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red-Headed_Woman	Red-Headed Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Balachander	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3520369
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Child	Boogie Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_That_Brute	Love That Brute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bommarillu	Bommarillu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film	film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Returns	The Saint Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Mamin	Maxim Mamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_(David_Guetta_song)	Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Pimpernel	The Elusive Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Laurie	Hugh Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Twist	John Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Heaven_(1987_film)	Made in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_No_Return_(1993_film)	Point of No Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Predict_a_Riot	I Predict a Riot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vida_es_Así	La Vida es As\u00ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Beeman	Greg Beeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Bhatt	Robin Bhatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_(genre)	drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Booth	Margaret Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Magic_Ring	Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._C._Fields	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q352971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Bill:_Volume_2	Kill Bill Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst_College	Amherst College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman/Batman:_Apocalypse	Superman/Batman: Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dore_Schary	Dore Schary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_(film)	Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellissima_(film)	Bellissima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(Dire_Straits_song)	Romeo and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Glennon	James Glennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Ladies	No More Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks	Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Only_Feeling	Love Is Only Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandon_(film)	Abandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Artyukhin	Evgeny Artyukhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodiak	John Hodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_II	Mission: Impossible II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Crossroads	Tha Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Budd	Roy Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Ember	City of Ember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Dancing_(film)	We Were Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Mescall	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1700581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Married_Her_Boss	She Married Her Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunfight_at_the_O.K._Corral_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q232222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightfall_(1957_film)	Nightfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Knife	The Big Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erstfeld	Erstfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q485983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_in_Heart	The Young in Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Brawl	The Big Brawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Suburbs	Chuck Versus the Suburbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Your_Love	Gimme Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Records	Factory Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Rose_of_Cairo	The Purple Rose of Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Maria_Volontè	Gian Maria Volonté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Over_the_White_House	Gabriel Over the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_R._Broccoli	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q72652
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Sydney	Basil Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Circus_(film)	Battle Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy	Bugsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cross_(film)	Alex Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Grossman_(director)	David Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangelove_(song)	Strangelove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Love_Can_Break_Your_Heart	Only Love Can Break Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Colonels	The Two Colonels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muqaddar_Ka_Sikandar	Muqaddar Ka Sikandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Scorcho	El Scorcho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219563
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Mountain_(30_Rock)	Stone Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cage_(Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series)	The Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Harvest	Dragon Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Beyond	Star Trek Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Marvin	Arthur Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BUtterfield_8	BUtterfield 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen,_Darling	Listen, Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saravana	Saravana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masque_of_the_Red_Death_(1964_film)	The Masque of the Red Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Godfathers	3 Godfathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makkal_Mahatmyam	Makkal Mahatmyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_the_Throne	Watch the Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irène_Jacob	Irène Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_McCartney	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q191842
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peruvannapurathe_Visheshangal	Peruvannapurathe Visheshangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(band)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q151012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mars	Ghosts of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Belyayev_(ice_hockey)	Maxim Belyayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declare_Independence	Declare Independence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wayne	Jimmy Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_(Beatles_song)	Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_Done_Yet%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1509855
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Henreid	Paul Henreid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Havana_(film)	Our Man in Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Furry_Animals	Super Furry Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Fish_(song)	Rumble Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_(film)	Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Vacation_(1980_film)	Permanent Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intoxication_(film)	Intoxication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Habit_of_Happiness	The Habit of Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_Up_(Ja_Rule_song)	Caught Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_with_Dick_and_Jane_(2005_film)	Fun with Dick and Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltzes_from_Vienna	Waltzes from Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Roth	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outrage_(1964_film)	The Outrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Ophüls	Max Ophüls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Brooks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q95125
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Musatov	Igor Musatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_M._Heyward	Louis M. Heyward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Strada	La Strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Holmes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174346
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(1949_film)	The Great Gatsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Jacques	Hattie Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Time_Zone	Pacific Time Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Still_Kill_the_Old_Way	We Still Kill the Old Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Blue_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	Boy Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Lying	The Invention of Lying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Youngest_Was_the_Most_Loved	The Youngest Was the Most Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Special_Day	A Special Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Denton_on_Doomsday	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2634018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_(1948_film)	Homecoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Ship_(2002_film)	Ghost Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Leigh	Janet Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Place_(film)	A Summer Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann	Fred Zinnemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Thieves	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172837
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_I_(1956_film)	The King and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_That_Chick%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q604715
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_Drills	Isolation Drills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Planet_Are_You_From%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1431684
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Patrick_King	Michael Patrick King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Kershner	Irvin Kershner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(1992_film)	Forever Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Torn_Down	All Torn Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhakta_Tukaram	Bhakta Tukaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Brown_novel)	Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Understood_Women	The Man Who Understood Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Plastic	Go Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_with_the_Gun	Man with the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Body	The 4-Hour Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_and_the_Mighty_(film)	The High and the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_20's_(TV_series)	The Roaring 20s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_Jacks	Jumping Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Puri	Om Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Ring	Kiss the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada	Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol	Andy Warhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_E._Brown	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q727112
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Much_Water_So_Close_to_Home	So Much Water So Close to Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Made_for_Lovin'_You	I Was Made for Lovin' You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogues_(film)	I picari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Now_Pronounce_You_Chuck_and_Larry	I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Were_None_(1974_film)	And Then There Were None
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manmadan_Ambu	Manmadan Ambu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Muro	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q376641
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Korolev_(ice_hockey)	Evgeny Korolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreakers_(2001_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185507
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Make_My_Sun_Shine	U Make My Sun Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_metal	groove metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgeous_Hussy	The Gorgeous Hussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_English_Reborn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q967478
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_Justice	Seeking Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Daniels	William Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Vantage	Paramount Vantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanumathi_Ramakrishna	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3429995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q37995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(1951_TV_series)	Dragnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanti_Enathu_Shanti	Shanti Enathu Shanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q201687
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_(film)	Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Lanes	Changing Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_the_Phoenix_(1965_film)	The Flight of the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maladroit	Maladroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Richardson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q212545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Lang	Stephen Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jada_Pinkett_Smith	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228787
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Star_Superman_(film)	All-Star Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_(film)	Old School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babe_Ruth_Story	The Babe Ruth Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_(TV_series)	The Land Before Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missi_Pyle	Missi Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Eno	Brian Eno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(song)	Thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metar_iznad_asfalta	Metar iznad asfalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_and_Child_(2009_film)	Mother and Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veerapandiya_Kattabomman_(film)	Veerapandiya Kattabomman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Heston	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q80739
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax_View	The Parallax View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Francisci	Pietro Francisci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Hunters_(book)	Treasure Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies_(film)	The Beverly Hillbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Panel	The Secret Panel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Party_(1934_film)	Hollywood Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go-Between_(film)	The Go-Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Ivory_Charm	The Mystery of the Ivory Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nation_Entertainment	Live Nation Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straw_Dogs_(2011_film)	Straw Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Glee)	Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Agent	Presidential Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife,_Husband_and_Friend	Wife, Husband and Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaguru	Mahaguru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Suede	Johnny Suede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_(Out_the_Window)	Jumping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_of_Rhodes_(film)	The Colossus of Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_a_Love_Affair	Story of a Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_For	To Die For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Super_Stars'_Porky_&_Friends:_Hilarious_Ham	Looney Tunes Super Stars' Porky & Friends: Hilarious Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Bello	Maria Bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Re-Imagined_Machines	These Re-Imagined Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Day	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47871
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asin	Asin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.	Martin Luther King, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Boys	The Lost Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcism_of_Emily_Rose	The Exorcism of Emily Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain_USA	Little Britain USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alwyn	William Alwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Merrill	Gary Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Long_(Faith_Evans_song)	All Night Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Holes_and_Revelations	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204240
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_My_Way!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q710113
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_N'Ever_After	Happily N'Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Buttolph	David Buttolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_Bigalow:_Male_Gigolo	Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wiser_Sex	The Wiser Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Have_a_Dream_(song)	I Have a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Ekland	Britt Ekland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Scardino	Don Scardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tudyk	Alan Tudyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Both_Worlds_(Jay_Z_and_R._Kelly_album)	The Best of Both Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zomba_Group_of_Companies	Zomba Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heard_(actor)	John Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_That_U_Do	Things That U Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stradling	Harry Stradling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Is_No_Longer_a_Theft	Property Is No Longer a Theft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hartley	Richard Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Mayo	Archie Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schildkraut	Joseph Schildkraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(2010_film)	Gulliver's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Funicello	Annette Funicello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Dream_(novel)	Fever Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Gone_(film)	Long Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25th_Hour	25th Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enid_Bennett	Enid Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Madhavan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q729982
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_the_Mummy	Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Rattigan	Terence Rattigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_de'_Medici	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q131552
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eystein_I_of_Norway	Eystein I of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_London	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q170027
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_S._Dutton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q706513
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Romance_(film)	Modern Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Condors	Eastern Condors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1955_film)	Kismet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_the_Valiant	Sword of the Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homefront_(film)	Homefront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Tyler_(composer)	Brian Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Robertson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q181899
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Lovers	Mabel's Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Northam	Jeremy Northam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeheld_(2015_film)	Freeheld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were...	You Were.../Ballad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q54184
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Levien	David Levien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibi_(1969_film)	Alibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamont_Johnson	Lamont Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Owls_(film)	Night Owls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Shot	Bank Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dime/Tell_Me_(Remix)	Dime/Tell Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_England	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q179876
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Again_(Sevendust_song)	Live Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray_(1945_film)	The Picture of Dorian Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Bradley_Baker	Dee Bradley Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Command	Flight Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasoherina	Rasoherina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Love!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3119340
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purab_Aur_Paschim	Purab Aur Paschim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refining_Fires	Refining Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty-Day_Princess	Thirty-Day Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Records	Hollywood Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror_(2005_film)	The Amityville Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jidaishin	Jidaishin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Mendes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q170606
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_(film)	The Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_The_Last_Stand	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221168
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Less_Lonely_Girl	One Less Lonely Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Mulroney	Dermot Mulroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Montand	Yves Montand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jay_Gould_I	George Jay Gould I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fastest_Gun_Alive	The Fastest Gun Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Pass	Hall Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Jazz_(film)	All That Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Falcon	The Gay Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Poiré	Alain Poiré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAW_Books	DAW Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_of_Education	Bored of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposed_(Heroes)	Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Krüger	Hardy Krüger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Argento	Dario Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo	Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrel_of_a_Gun_(Depeche_Mode_song)	Barrel of a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novodevichy_Cemetery	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208175
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Hundred_Years_(film)	The First Hundred Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_(1950_film)	Branded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tic-Tac-Terror	Tic-Tac-Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildsurf	Wildsurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Canterbury_Tale	A Canterbury Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._V._Chandran	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3595285
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Craig	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4547
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_Twenties	The Roaring Twenties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Eight	Visions of Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemian_Rhapsody	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q187745
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffa	Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Capricorn	Under Capricorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Sergeant_Grischa_(film)	The Case of Sergeant Grischa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevator_(Eminem_song)	Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Saw_Paris	The Last Time I Saw Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_for_San_Sebastian	La Bataille de San Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Scalia	Pietro Scalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_That_Good_News_(song)	(Ain't That) Good News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Massey	Raymond Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Such_Thing_as_a_Jaggy_Snake	There's No Such Thing as a Jaggy Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Rising_(film)	Hannibal Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Koppelman	Brian Koppelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Lazarev	Anton Lazarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala_(1976_film)	Bala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Homies_Still	My Homies Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(U.S._TV_series)	The Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chotta_Mumbai	Chotta Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhonda_Fleming	Rhonda Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Lapenkov	Evgeny Lapenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubbling_Troubles	Bubbling Troubles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_in_Heaven	Rage in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeni_Nabokov	Evgeni Nabokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Webb	Jack Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Fields_(album)	The Killing Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Thin_Man	After the Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyam_Shivam_Sundaram_(film)	Satyam Shivam Sundaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Rumble	Ready to Rumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Down	Falling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senta_Berger	Senta Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pelican_Brief_(film)	The Pelican Brief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Stoker's_Dracula	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q107325
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Fisher	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228638
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitai_Aitai_Aitai_na	Aitai Aitai Aitai na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Seventeenth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid,_Thief_and_Guard	Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_Like_the_Past	No Time Like the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste_(1926_film)	Beau Geste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funniest_Show_on_Earth	Funniest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Think_I'm_Jiggy	If You Think I'm Jiggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weir	Peter Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Mr._Please	Please Mr. Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Business_Like_Show_Business_(film)	There's No Business Like Show Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denwa_Matteimasu	Denwa Matteimasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way,_Way_Back	The Way, Way Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pin_Heel_Surfer	Pin Heel Surfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Girls	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q476119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theater_of_Salvation	Theater of Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Chairs_(1970_film)	The Twelve Chairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifting_(1923_film)	Drifting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyrhythm_(song)	Polyrhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Sarathkumar	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3520690
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Heaven	Far from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Tower_(film)	The White Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Winding_Refn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q359397
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplicate_(1998_film)	Duplicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_and_Never_Coming_Back	Gone and Never Coming Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me,_My_Love	Help Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Common_album)	Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Glory_(1952_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2326085
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_O'Clock	Four O'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Dida_Ibsen	The Story of Dida Ibsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Countdown_(song)	The Final Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_6-5000_(1985_film)	Transylvania 6-5000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Lust	A Question of Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigamist_(1953_film)	The Bigamist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_E._de_Souza	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q724018
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takers	Takers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houses_of_the_Holy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211413
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kentuckian	The Kentuckian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Creed	Simple Creed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_&_Schuster	Simon & Schuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rope_of_Sand	Rope of Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Weingarten	Lawrence Weingarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Pictures	Republic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_a_Century	End of a Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Close_and_Personal_(film)	Up Close & Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_in_Blue_(film)	Rhapsody in Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ummagumma	Ummagumma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Masur	Richard Masur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_'n'_Money	Sex 'n' Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhool	Dhool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_no_Kakera	Ai no Kakera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Conrad	Steven Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Arkhipov	Denis Arkhipov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Jackson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172678
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Eleonora_of_Savoy	Princess Eleonora of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_(1997_film)	Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(1993_film)	The Firm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_Trouble	Doctor in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jasmine	Blue Jasmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Luv%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3298517
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Farrell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q172035
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Game	True Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Legion_(film)	Black Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoj_K._Jayan	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6751173
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry,_the_Beloved_Country_(1995_film)	Cry, the Beloved Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Tambor	Jeffrey Tambor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Stiff_(1953_film)	Scared Stiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Barrett	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q173061
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fright_Night_(2011_film)	Fright Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Twenty	Love at Twenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts_Both_Ways_(song)	Cuts Both Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_at_Skeleton_Rock	The Ghost at Skeleton Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Bracco	Lorraine Bracco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachi_Tainaka	Sachi Tainaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hornsby	David Hornsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Down to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akeelah_and_the_Bee	Akeelah and the Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Poseidon_Adventure	Beyond the Poseidon Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_No_Matches	And No Matches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mill_and_the_Cross	The Mill and the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jenkins	Richard Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Sky_Pirates	The Last of the Sky Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Paolo_Pasolini	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25120
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervista	Intervista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_(film)	Cynthia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Riskin	Robert Riskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petomaniac	Petomaniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Feast	The Chinese Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drillbit_Taylor	Drillbit Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Kemplen	Ralph Kemplen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(2003_film)	Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandirani	Chandirani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Driver	Minnie Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Give_Up_(Peter_Gabriel_and_Kate_Bush_song)	Don't Give Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Yunkov	Alexander Yunkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Korman	Harvey Korman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_Than_Paradise	Stranger Than Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise:_Blood_Hunter	Rise: Blood Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akim_Tamiroff	Akim Tamiroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72_Hours_(The_Killing)	72 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denji_Sentai_Megaranger	Denji Sentai Megaranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_(2002_film)	Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care_(song)	Take Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Sinclair	Ronald Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tomasini	George Tomasini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Heroes_(album)	No More Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Passage	Canyon Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raid_on_Entebbe_(film)	Raid on Entebbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Family	Without Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajinikanth	Rajinikanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIStory:_Past,_Present_and_Future,_Book_I	HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_World_World	World World World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meddle	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q205458
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Doubtfire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483852
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Franci	Adolfo Franci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia	Tunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_for_Conquest	City for Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jones_(1993_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2525108
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhiyum_Naanum	Abhiyum Naanum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambushers_(film)	The Ambushers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonds_~Kizuna~	Bonds ~Kizuna~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_10_from_Navarone_(film)	Force 10 from Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Beatty	Ned Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_Recognizing_Your_Saints	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerusalem_File	The Jerusalem File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FX_(TV_channel)	FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopee!_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2567265
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoker_(film)	Stoker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Rising	Mercury Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monogram_Pictures	Monogram Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranjeet	Ranjeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_over_Parador	Moon over Parador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad	Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Johnson	Ashley Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Robertson	Robbie Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Over_the_Nile	Storm Over the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Ears_Productions	Rabbit Ears Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Man_(1963_film)	The Running Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Sex_Comedy	A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kiss_(2006_film)	The Last Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnesia	Damnesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Look_Me_in_the_Eyes	When You Look Me in the Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Mermaid	Million Dollar Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(2006_film)	The Illusionist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Brill_(scriptwriter)	Steven Brill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Webster	Ferris Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Romijn	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q202792
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Macdonald	Amy Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwish	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43510
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_people	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42406
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relangi_Venkata_Ramaiah	Relangi Venkata Ramaiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Rule	Janice Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_(film)	Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Guetta	David Guetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_9_Dream	#9 Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Rainy_Afternoon	One Rainy Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King_III	Martin Luther King III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_Un2_the_Year_2000	Rave Un2 the Year 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_of_War_(film)	The Dogs of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janky_Promoters	Janky Promoters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ro.Go.Pa.G.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q552002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Kirk	Tommy Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Penguins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q193643
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_John_Malkovich	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q649165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Glory	The Road to Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Kanye_West_song)	Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1942_film)	To Be or Not to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Above_All_(film)	This Above All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Gugino	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q228871
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newman	Thomas Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidney_Now!	Kidney Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expecting_Mary	Expecting Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Words_(film)	A Thousand Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg	Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrant_(film)	Warrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Newcom	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1680316
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Alan_Partridge	I'm Alan Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Instructions	Further Instructions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Krasna	Norman Krasna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Mission	Presidential Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Sweeney	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q668925
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Miracles_(album)	Small Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_It_Off_(film)	Set It Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Tree	The Hanging Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hurt	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105825
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Hart	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q636680
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharrell_Williams	Pharrell Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_J._Pakula	Alan J. Pakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illicit_(film)	Illicit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_G6	Like a G6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_New_York	So This Is New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armada_Latina	Armada Latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_(1937_film)	Dead End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Thangai_Kalyani	En Thangai Kalyani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tully_Marshall	Tully Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Sky	Yellow Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insaniyat_Ke_Dushman	Insaniyat Ke Dushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_the_Word	Deliver the Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyrock-a-Bye_Baby	Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_grandi_magazzini	I grandi magazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Bags_(film)	Body Bags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bronson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36105
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archery_(album)	Archery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Are_People	People Are People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Island_(1917_film)	Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Norris	Chuck Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Seigner	Emmanuelle Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome-Paris-Rome	Rome-Paris-Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Paris_Were_Told_to_Us	If Paris Were Told to Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Gummed_Up	All Gummed Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fade_Away_(film)	Not Fade Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_(2008_film)	Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Bulatov	Alexei Bulatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Golden_Collection:_Volume_3	Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirupathi_(2006_Tamil_film)	Thirupathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2004_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q188000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Keith	Toby Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fairbanks,_Jr.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q528428
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyone_Can_Play	Anyone Can Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkineni_Nageswara_Rao	Akkineni Nageswara Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_Hour	The Shining Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Woods_(film)	Into the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Judgment_(1961_film)	The Last Judgement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(1968_film)	Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_Mayes	Wendell Mayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Chadar_Maili_Si	Ek Chadar Maili Si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Griffith	Andy Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mela_(2000_film)	Mela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Walliams	David Walliams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_It_in_the_Bag	Throw It in the Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Keach	Stacy Keach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Ephron	Delia Ephron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_You_Always_Wanted_to_Know_About_Sex*_(*But_Were_Afraid_to_Ask)_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q499697
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q104814
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertoldo,_Bertoldino_e_Cacasenno	Bertoldo, Bertoldino e Cacasenno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Adventure	Plymouth Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Graphophone_Company	Columbia Graphophone Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Piccoli	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q295257
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Look_at_Me	When You Look at Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_but_Nice	Nutty but Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zutons	The Zutons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine-Gun_Kelly_(film)	Machine-Gun Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Heart	Angel Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_New_Jersey	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25330
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_When_the_Light	Baby When the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fracchia_contro_Dracula	Fracchia contro Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rear_Window	Rear Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Cannavale	Bobby Cannavale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Lady_Down	Gray Lady Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Territory_(film)	Colorado Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q237134
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_(film)	Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_in_Calanca	Santa Maria in Calanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Roberts	Bob Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronin_(film)	Ronin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Hill_(film_editor)	Mike Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_II_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_This_Our_Life	In This Our Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_for_Your_Type	Fall for Your Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(band)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q124179
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dolphin's_Cry	The Dolphin's Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unmasking	The Unmasking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Duna	Fiat Duna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Wyer	Reginald Wyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabic	Arabic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(1978_film)	Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Rosenberg	Aaron Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farida_Jalal	Farida Jalal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_(1954_film)	Camilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garner	James Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Go_Boom	They Go Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redman_(rapper)	Redman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yul_Brynner	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q102813
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Memories	Two Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Proof_(album)	100 Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Wanna_Be	Who Do You Wanna Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Men	G Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(film)	The Spirit of St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Young_as_You_Feel	As Young as You Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Frank	Melvin Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronica	electronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_with_Rance_McGrew	Showdown with Rance McGrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Freed	Arthur Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Relatives	Blood Relatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Clark	Larry Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_for_War	Prelude for War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Bennett	Constance Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosford_Park	Gosford Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bother_to_Knock	Don't Bother to Knock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyuukyuu_Sentai_GoGoFive	Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGoFive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verve_Records	Verve Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico	New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Air_Glider	Tom Swift and His Air Glider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_Magician_of_the_Silver_Sky	Detective Conan: Magician of the Silver Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flock_(film)	The Flock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Records	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q213710
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Arno_Wagner	Fritz Arno Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nettwerk	Nettwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Glover	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192165
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_(film)	Ararat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Days_(novel)	School Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_a_Star	Pick a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aidan_Quinn	Aidan Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sheen	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q184572
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_(Adele_song)	Hello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye_Lenin!_(soundtrack)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q614610
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Lady	The Divine Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney	Walt Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush_(1998_film)	Hush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Swink	Robert Swink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Grant	Lee Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_at_Remagen	The Bridge at Remagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosita_(film)	Rosita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Entwistle	John Entwistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Man_(2008_film)	The Other Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Pilots	Dizzy Pilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flirting_Husband	The Flirting Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Is_the_Wind	Wild Is the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tit_and_the_Moon	The Tit and the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyothi_Krishna	Jyothi Krishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perez_Family	The Perez Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Happening	Beat Happening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Fogler	Dan Fogler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Chernykh_(ice_hockey)	Dmitri Chernykh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi_(1987_film)	New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Creature	Revenge of the Creature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'immorale	L'immorale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin	Steve Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Gone_Wild	Girl Gone Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso,_Texas	El Paso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrilling	Thrilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Richardson_(actor)	Jack Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Down_Again	Never Let Me Down Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Azcona	Rafael Azcona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_(1958_film)	The Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Asylum	Into Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_in_the_Sky_(film)	Cabin in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_There	I'm Not There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti	Nanni Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Shop	Beauty Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Jeannie_Jeannie	Jeannie Jeannie Jeannie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_(2008_film)	The Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._(Amy_Macdonald_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1241732
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q132311
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Pratt_(cinematographer)	Roger Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ups_&_Downs	Ups & Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Records	Liberty Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeroen_Krabbé	Jeroen Krabbé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(2012_film)	Promised Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_(film)	Frieda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MouseHunt_(film)	MouseHunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Coffee_(song)	Morning Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn:_The_Series	From Dusk till Dawn: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Douglas	Melvyn Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Bykov_(ice_hockey)	Dmitri Bykov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Gray_Flannel_Suit	The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayakumar_(actor)	Vijayakumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_(1958_film)	South Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhmani:_Hope_for_Life	Sukhmani: Hope for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_Dog_(1959_film)	The Shaggy Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_at_Me_(Desperate_Housewives)	Don't Look at Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Night	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208632
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Beauty_(1994_film)	Black Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inherit_the_Wind_(1960_film)	Inherit the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Coast_Guard	Fighting Coast Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_the_Sun	Race the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delta_Force	The Delta Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Velocity_(film)	Terminal Velocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Ya_Tailfeather	Shake Ya Tailfeather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Garrick	The Great Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven	Eindhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Love_Affair	Teenage Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Ordinary_Madness	Tales of Ordinary Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Manilow	Barry Manilow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salma_Hayek	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q125106
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raajneeti	Raajneeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishi_Kapoor	Rishi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Killer_(novel)	Cop Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Sydow	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203215
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_Mr._Chumps	So Long Mr. Chumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lua_(song)	Lua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Smith_(film_and_television_composer)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1356617
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_in_Paris	2 Days in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Rivkin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2344673
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds_Goes_to_Town	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q475529
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Mr._Bean	The Trouble with Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Must_Die	Romeo Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Grimm_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q707880
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makerere_University	Makerere University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_na_Kokoroiki	Nice na Kokoroiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_for_Freedom	Flight for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids	Spy Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13th_Warrior	The 13th Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Cassel	Jean-Pierre Cassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Kellerman	Sally Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Utatsuki	Kaori Utatsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_the_Book	Murder by the Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_of_Sunnybrook_Farm_(1938_film)	Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sharkboy_and_Lavagirl_in_3-D	The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Righteous_Babe_Records	Righteous Babe Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Our_Livez	Days of Our Livez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hildyard	Jack Hildyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Jewel_Box	The Clue in the Jewel Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraka_(film)	Baraka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Can't_Stop_Loving_You	I Just Can't Stop Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Might_Get_Loud	It Might Get Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine	Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Désenchantée	D\u00e9senchant\u00e9e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Titanic!	Raise the Titanic!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Canucks	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Neuwirth	Bebe Neuwirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(2002_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189889
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_(Preston_and_Child_novel)	Brimstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Benz	Julie Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Books	Ace Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Police	Chor Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Woods	Within the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Rebels	A Woman Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut	Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blotto_(film)	Blotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egor_Milovzorov	Egor Milovzorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Stowe	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209098
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Cargo_(1940_film)	Strange Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Wind_(Cussler_novel)	Black Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Ferry	Bryan Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_of_Mind_(Part_II)_Broken_Down	Empire State of Mind (Part II) Broken Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Angeli	Pier Angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Male_War_Bride	I Was a Male War Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Gets_a_Life	Garfield Gets a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Met_in_Bombay	They Met in Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Without_Honor	A Man Without Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Got_the_Action%3F	Who's Got the Action?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_De_Luca	Rudy De Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_Quilligan	Don Juan Quilligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penélope_Cruz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q39666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_May_Oliver	Edna May Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Miami	University of Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Nutter	David Nutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_She_Great	Isn't She Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROIR	ROIR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Off_Boogaloo	Back Off Boogaloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_(film)	Parkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Carter	Mr. Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana	Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q156597
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny's_Looney_Christmas_Tales	Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_cambiale	La cambiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doolittle_(album)	Doolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybill_Shepherd	Cybill Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thevar_Magan	Thevar Magan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_White	The Big White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Stein	Ronald Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Williams	Don Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood_(film)	Ed Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lava	William Lava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Details_(film)	The Details
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboys	The Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern:_First_Flight	Green Lantern: First Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_(1986_film)	The Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atonement_(film)	Atonement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Platt	Oliver Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouseppachan	Ouseppachan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Here_Now_(album)	Be Here Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Belyaevski	Igor Belyaevski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Goodbye	Always Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_Do	I Do Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy_(film_series)	The Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doll's_House_(1973_Garland_film)	A Doll's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Prey	Sharpe's Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_(1960_film)	Cimarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_in_the_Morning_(film)	See You in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Around_the_Corner	Just Around the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirt_Eaters_(EP)	The Dirt Eaters EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucks_Fizz	Bucks Fizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_in_Paris	Gold Diggers in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumalatha	Sumalata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desertshore	Desertshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Phillippe	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q273136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carpenter	John Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Mondshein	Andrew Mondshein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Haunting_We_Will_Go_(1942_film)	A-Haunting We Will Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Franciosa	Massimo Franciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Asahi	TV Asahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Somethin'_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Say Somethin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapout_(song)	Tapout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saa!_Koibito_ni_Narō	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3133721
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_and_the_Devil	Lisa and the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3046393
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Unbound	Frankenstein Unbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluny_Brown	Cluny Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallant_Hours	The Gallant Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(1977_film)	Between the Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Big_(film)	Something Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_F._Leonetti	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q361308
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo,_Alfredo	Alfredo, Alfredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Deming	Peter Deming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Is_the_News	Here Is the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_(1998_film)	Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Days_of_Summer	(500) Days of Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_&_Out_(film)	In & Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylva_Koscina	Sylva Koscina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Back	The Way Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Sturges	Preston Sturges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._D._Burman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3351160
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Craig_(actor)	Michael Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_2	The Smurfs 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Wanna_Cry	I Don't Wanna Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q40531
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbows_(Alice_Nine_song)	Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Venus	The Sign of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Kings_(film)	Valley of the Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_and_Clover	Crimson and Clover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Serve_Man_(The_Twilight_Zone)	To Serve Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon	John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Man_Army	The Five Man Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryse_Alberti	Maryse Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaphappy_Sleuths	Slaphappy Sleuths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_Hoch	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q373115
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flynn_(director)	John Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_(film)	Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_da_Club	In da Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Baxter	Warner Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_(1962_film)	The Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_of_Janus	The Head of Janus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Arnold	David Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Future	For the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times_(Sam_Cooke_song)	Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trampled_Under_Foot	Trampled Under Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But/Aishō	But/Aishō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitors_(song)	The Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swarm_(film)	The Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Kennedy	Jamie Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Man	The Quiet Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asso_(film)	Asso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._A._Chandrasekhar	S. A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_It_End_Right%3F	Does It End Right?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1977_Annual_World's_Best_SF	The 1977 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Atlantis_(film)	Hearts in Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_the_Holidays_(film)	Home for the Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_L._Mankiewicz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q51583
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Italy	Journey to Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_and_the_Women	Toto and the Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_Fire	Arcade Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cole_(actor)	George Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Gun_McCain	Machine Gun McCain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Order	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q214990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Afanasenkov	Dmitry Afanasenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones:_The_Edge_of_Reason_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q843612
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Levin	Henry Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(2004_film)	Walking Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Platinum_Collection:_Volume_2	Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mercenary_(film)	The Mercenary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_I,_re_di_Napoli	Ferdinando I, re di Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Panov	Konstantin Panov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Florey	Robert Florey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Ship_(1937_film)	Slave Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_in_Fragments	Freedom in Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexpected_(Heroes)	Unexpected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica	Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood_(TV_series)	Deadwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_LeRoy	Mervyn LeRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_and_the_Sea_(1958_film)	The Old Man and the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Max_Frye	E. Max Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konvicted	Konvicted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overtaxed	I Tartassati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Harp_(film)	The Grass Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stanley	Paul Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playground_Psychotics	Playground Psychotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_and_Evens_(film)	Odds and Evens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Mad,_Mad,_Mad,_Mad_World	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_of_Value	Something of Value
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedy_Lamarr	Hedy Lamarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueprint_3	The Blueprint 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Veidt	Conrad Veidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_(album)	Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland	Gregg Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Tottie	Hot Tottie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_(film)	Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fingernails,_Red_Wine	Black Fingernails, Red Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Patrol_(1934_film)	The Lost Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotched_in_Scotland	Scotched in Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Russia	The Battle of Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashutosh_Gowariker	Ashutosh Gowariker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Die_(1939_film)	Never Say Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venu_(cinematographer)	Venu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Vorobiev	Pavel Vorobiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Seven_Dwarfs_(1937_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fear_(Lily_Allen_song)	The Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were_Never_Lovelier	You Were Never Lovelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avasara_Police_100	Avasara Police 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Richard	Jacques Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_(company)	Rogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_Milan	Miracle in Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_There_(Bright_song)	I'll Be There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(film)	The Great Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Day_(1929_film)	Perfect Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Karloff	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q203219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detachment_(film)	Detachment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_It_Black	Paint It Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Coppola	Roman Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_Till_Dawn_2:_Texas_Blood_Money	From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Dagover	Lil Dagover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_A.D.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q852932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachin_Bhowmick	Sachin Bhowmick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_Loafers	Vagabond Loafers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message/Personal	Message\/Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Big_Hand_for_the_Little_Lady	A Big Hand for the Little Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_You_Love_Me_(Faith_Hill_song)	The Way You Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_fiction	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q24925
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Landing_(film)	Happy Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Freedom%3F	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2268902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophet_Motive	Prophet Motive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitai_yo./Kimi_to_no_Ashita	Aitai yo./Kimi to no Ashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanoon_Apna_Apna	Kanoon Apna Apna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_in_the_Navy_Now	You're in the Navy Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev_(film)	Dev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameriera_bella_presenza_offresi...	Cameriera bella presenza offresi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poddębice_County	Poddębice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Love_(1965_film)	The Art of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_Later	28 Days Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(1936_film)	One in a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(2010_film)	Remember Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_as_It_Lays_(film)	Play It as It Lays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kings_(1961_film)	King of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marillion.com	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q248902
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_That_I_Love_You	The Way That I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_MacDonald	Joseph MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detox_(song)	Detox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._R._Panthulu	B. R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Very_Own_(1950_film)	Our Very Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_March_(1928_film)	The Wedding March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Eidelman	Cliff Eidelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Make_Me	You Make Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stand_(2013_film)	The Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajan_P._Dev	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2210343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recipe_(album)	The Recipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Chaykin	Maury Chaykin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Ratnam	Mani Ratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(2001_film)	The Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Murphy_(cinematographer)	Fred Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(film)	Foreign Correspondent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Kaufman	Lloyd Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tag_der_Freiheit:_Unsere_Wehrmacht	Tag der Freiheit: Unsere Wehrmacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Néstor_Almendros	Néstor Almendros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Massachusetts	Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Gertsman	Maury Gertsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelin'_So_Good	Feelin' So Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cersei_Lannister	Cersei Lannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Satanic_Majesties_Request	Their Satanic Majesties Request
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Perilli	Ivo Perilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday's_Hero	Saturday's Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q381751
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Out_(2010_film)	Cop Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_complessi	I complessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Walston	Ray Walston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_Me_to_Hell	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q632737
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Lites	Northern Lites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_Photo	One Hour Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/44_Inch_Chest	44 Inch Chest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil-May-Care	Devil-May-Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_2	Race 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Dil_De_Chuke_Sanam	Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1935_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q329709
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Babchuk	Anton Babchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Believe_in_Shame%3F	Do You Believe in Shame?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Allwine	Wayne Allwine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Laughton	Eddie Laughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horns_(film)	Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megham	Megham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Petružálek	Jakub Petružálek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hologram_for_the_King_(film)	A Hologram for the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,_2_Step	1, 2 Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera's_50th:_A_Yabba_Dabba_Doo_Celebration	Hanna-Barbera's 50th: A Yabba Dabba Doo Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiros	Hiros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_the_Doctor	Alias the Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Curry	Tim Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Conspiracy	Grand Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Hancock	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q105875
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Civil_War	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q79911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Chihuahua_3:_Viva_la_Fiesta!	Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3: Viva la Fiesta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_(The_Animals_song)	The Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Mayanja	Rachel Mayanja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Net	The Man in the Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulam_Azam	Ghulam Azam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werthenstein	Werthenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamy_(Beat_Happening_album)	Dreamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacket	The Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Roos	Fred Roos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Yam	Simon Yam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield_Sheehan	Winfield Sheehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey	Bruce Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervé_de_Luze	Hervé de Luze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibaba_Aur_40_Chor	Alibaba Aur 40 Chor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassavetes	John Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asal_(film)	Aasal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Has_a_Thousand_Eyes	Night Has a Thousand Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Boikov	Alexandre Boikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Dr._Gillespie	Calling Dr. Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Kudashov	Alexei Kudashov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Get_Up_(Pitbull_song)	Everybody Get Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Kazakov	Vasily Kazakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_(1930_film)	New Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Pretty_Girl	Not a Pretty Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_Tierney	Maura Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buccaneer_(1938_film)	The Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley_of_Russian_River_Valley_AVA	Green Valley of Russian River Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoration_(2008_film)	Adoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Berglund	Bo Berglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Gorovikov	Konstantin Gorovikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinnukum_Mannukum	Vinnukum Mannukum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanna_Ralli	Giovanna Ralli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wells_(screenwriter)	George Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'o	O'o
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animalisms	Animalisms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_and_the_Bobby-Soxer	The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Words	These Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hatful_of_Rain	A Hatful of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Trieste	La ragazza di Trieste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Deeds	Good Deeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Baird	Stuart Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Rose_(director)	Bernard Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(1968_film)	Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curb_Records	Curb Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_Camelot	Quest for Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merci_la_vie	Merci la vie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(1926_film)	Nana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksim_Potapov_(ice_hockey)	Maksim Potapov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unseen_(1945_film)	The Unseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Little_(2005_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q270940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Montuori	Mario Montuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mary_(song)	Virgin Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Chapter	The Fifth Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miniver_Story	The Miniver Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_My_Mother	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q329805
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Leonetti	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q361290
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_(1959_film)	Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Baranski	Christine Baranski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting..._(film)	Waiting...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jay	Tony Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(London_Boys_song)	Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Jay_Lerner	Alan Jay Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Midway_(film)	The Battle of Midway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Reader_(song)	Mind Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afuresō_na_Ai,_Daite/Namida_o_Fuite	Afures\u014d na Ai, Daite\/Namida o Fuite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(1983_film)	Eureka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Altar_of_Ambition	The Altar of Ambition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(2010_film)	13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV	MTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Boy's_Own	Junior Boy's Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(1995_film)	Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_Mrs._Muir	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cage_aux_Folles_3:_The_Wedding	La Cage aux Folles 3: The Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Beau	Teacher's Beau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Lawn_Memorial_Park,_Hollywood_Hills	Forest Lawn Memorial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Dog	Alpha Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_No_Bad_Guys	We're No Bad Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Imi	Tony Imi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Wilson_(singer)	Charlie Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Calhoun	Rory Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donal_Logue	Donal Logue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_on_Me	Body on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_Up_(film)	Lock Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overboard_(film)	Overboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Weitz_(filmmaker)	Paul Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli	Liza Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Venable	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q525390
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_December	Back to December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Diver	Holy Diver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_to_Wall_(song)	Wall to Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiata_(album)	Waiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goods:_Live_Hard,_Sell_Hard	The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Khoobsoorat_Hai	Zindagi Khoobsoorat Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_My_Wife	Be My Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sentimental_Attempt	Un tentativo sentimentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Faces_of_Dr._Lao	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q839916
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Bourne_(film)	Jason Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipasha_Basu	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q158214
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_Your_Love	I Don't Want Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks:_The_Road_Chip	Alvin and the Chipmunks: Road Chip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sheep_of_Whitehall	The Black Sheep of Whitehall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_(1975_film)	Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Zapata!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q780350
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Pope_King	In the Name of the Pope King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Ever_Wanted_(Basshunter_song)	All I Ever Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoiro_Sparkling	Momoiro Sparkling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_D._B._Cooper	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1762569
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pimpin'	Big Pimpin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Harnell	Jess Harnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewrite_(song)	Rewrite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omkara_(2006_film)	Omkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Zhitnik	Alexei Zhitnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagavathi	Bagavathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Graatkjær	Axel Graatkjær
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Clients	Too Many Clients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reader_(2008_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q159063
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petrified_Forest	The Petrified Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinister_Signpost	The Sinister Signpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Door	Stage Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Lie_(The_Band_Perry_song)	You Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Steps_in_the_Clouds	Four Steps in the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilda_Swinton	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200534
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Dogmen	Last of the Dogmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avers	Avers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Rome	Ghosts of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Ran_Away	The Boy Who Ran Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Low_Down_Dirty_Shame	A Low Down Dirty Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipan_Shiraz	Sipan Shiraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Minutes_to_Midnight_(Heroes)	Seven Minutes to Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Perry	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q42493
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Friedman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47426
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Wore_a_Yellow_Ribbon	She Wore a Yellow Ribbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstructing_Harry	Deconstructing Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya	Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester	Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khakee	Khakee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenda_Farrell	Glenda Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arigatō_(Sekai_no_Doko_ni_Ite_mo)	Arigatō (Sekai no Doko ni Ite mo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(2004_film)	The Stepford Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q492214
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rap-A-Lot_Records	Rap-a-Lot Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hunt	Linda Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Jolie	Angelina Jolie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necro_(rapper)	Necro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hornet_(2011_film)	The Green Hornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_II:_Patch's_London_Adventure	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q477365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Quentin_Durward	The Adventures of Quentin Durward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gere	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q48410
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rodney_Bennett	Richard Rodney Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_Bernsen	Corbin Bernsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aural_Psynapse	Aural Psynapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck	Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_of_Power_(album)	Balance of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larger_than_Life_(film)	Larger than Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zatōichi_(2003_film)	Zatōichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_a_Death_Foretold_(film)	Chronicle of a Death Foretold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_McCall	Cash McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avvai_Shanmughi	Avvai Shanmughi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_(film)	The Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now,_Voyager	Now, Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandai	Sandai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Wax_Museum	Mystery of the Wax Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mitchum	Robert Mitchum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popcorn_(Arashi_album)	Popcorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_These_Days_(instrumental)	One of These Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul,_Minnesota	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q28848
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Rouse_(editor)	Christopher Rouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler's_List	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483941
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(2003_film)	Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinematographer	cinematographer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Role_You_Were_Born_to_Play	The Role You Were Born to Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_(2006_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q496654
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_(2010_film)	Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilling	John Gilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Princess	Penny Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charisma_Records	Charisma Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Colors_(film)	Primary Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sans_logique	Sans logique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloris_Leachman	Cloris Leachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Mine_(David_Guetta_song)	The World Is Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(film)	Maverick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Rousseau	Danielle Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Doctor_(1936_film)	The Country Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naaka_Bandi	Naaka Bandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Turn-On!	The First Turn-On!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafioso_(film)	Mafioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_L	Lady L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312967
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contempt_(film)	Contempt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Waterston	Sam Waterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Thugs-n-Harmony	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Hera_Pheri	Phir Hera Pheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanotech_(anthology)	Nanotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Turman	Lawrence Turman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come_(film)	What Dreams May Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Krige	Alice Krige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Kiss_(film)	The First Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Lucas	Wilfred Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_to_Tell_You_a_Secret	I'm Going to Tell You a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Jung	Meri Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Young	Waldemar Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_HD_1.5_Remix	Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 ReMIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Folk	Robert Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go_Again_(Demi_Lovato_song)	Here We Go Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabhu_Deva	Prabhu Deva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouth_by_Mouth	Mouth by Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Days_at_Peking	55 Days at Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Besson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q484779
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Emmanuel_III_of_Sardinia	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q312670
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Murphy	Don Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Puccini	Gianni Puccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Keaton	Michael Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousands_Cheer	Thousands Cheer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23am	23am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Mines_(1985_film)	King Solomon's Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Denzongpa	Danny Denzongpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Classics	Sony Pictures Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon_(film)	Cocoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repetition_(Kierkegaard_book)	Repetition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Horror_Story	American Horror Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Up	We Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Police	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q178095
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Howard	Moe Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ex_(2006_film)	The Ex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberian_Girl	Liberian Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_Memories	Stardust Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_(1982_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q210756
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bharath	Mr. Bharath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(film)	Charlie's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q35791
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Bill	Broadway Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Paradise	Welcome to Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(1967_film)	Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopped_'n'_Skrewed	Chopped 'n' Skrewed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Kanzen_na_Otona	Crazy Kanzen na Otona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California	Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorder_in_the_Court	Disorder in the Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Penny	Will Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1931_film)	Body and Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q209186
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Gilbert	Billy Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Browz	Ron Browz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Bhi_Dil_Hai_Hindustani	Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Little_Sixteen	Sweet Little Sixteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Canyon	Pony Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merian_C._Cooper	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q446427
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Comedy_(1983_film)	The King of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Riddance_(Time_of_Your_Life)	Good Riddance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Belle_(film)	Memphis Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Byrne	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q296616
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outta_My_System	Outta My System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Mendes	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223233
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Søren_Kierkegaard	Søren Kierkegaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Kovacs	Ernie Kovacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q109135
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion	religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Studios	Keystone Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_Zero	Suspect Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Seas	Scarlet Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taming_of_the_Shrew_(1929_film)	The Taming of the Shrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schwartzman	John Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Koishiteru	Tropical Koishiteru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisley_Park_Records	Paisley Park Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Kopp	Bill Kopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Garrett_and_Billy_the_Kid	Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon	Kevin Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Country	Wild in the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage_(2003_film)	Bon Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Billion_Dollar_Ransom	The Billion Dollar Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_B._Richmond	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q572838
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saboteur_(film)	Saboteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shop_Around_the_Corner	The Shop Around the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misono	Misono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Wind_(1991_film)	The Dark Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Shepard	Richard Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(2007_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q478212
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisco_Kid	Frisco Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Pallette	Eugene Pallette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_4_You	Notes 4 You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_(song)	Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(LL_Cool_J_song)	Phenomenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Normand	Mabel Normand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Murder!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3155790
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spikes_Gang	The Spikes Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Pitt	Dirk Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Merman	Ethel Merman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin_the_Mad_Monk	Rasputin, the Mad Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Daugherty	Herschel Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman/Batman:_Public_Enemies	Superman/Batman: Public Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waddy_Wachtel	Waddy Wachtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Trip_(film)	Road Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Fulci	Lucio Fulci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken_(film)	Unbroken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River_(album)	Green River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_(1968_film)	Greetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corny_Casanovas	Corny Casanovas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitbull_Starring_in_Rebelution	Rebelution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchess_(Genesis_song)	Duchess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solange_Knowles	Solange Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrés_Vicente_Gómez	Andrés Vicente Gómez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartouche_(film)	Cartouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappy_Bull_Fighters	Sappy Bull Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabella_Sciorra	Annabella Sciorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_on_Meals	Wheels on Meals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Woods	James Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Antonioni	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q55433
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sōgen_no_Hito	Sōgen no Hito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Rat_(film)	King Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Bruce	Virginia Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consuming_Passions	Consuming Passions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Recruit	The Last Recruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_Our_Life	A Day in Our Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Foxes_(film)	The Little Foxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergejs_Naumovs	Sergejs Naumovs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intruder_(1962_film)	The Intruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_(2006_film)	Little Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Kent	Robert E. Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Reynolds	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192682
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Newman_(composer)	Alfred Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Crossbow_(film)	Operation Crossbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio-Dome	Bio-Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Pictures	TriStar Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_in_the_Wings_(Angel)	Waiting in the Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_(Chris_Brown_song)	Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Joe_(film)	Banana Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Go_to_Sleep_(film)	Before I Go to Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Prayer	White Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Atyushov	Vitaly Atyushov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Go_Round	Hurry Go Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Jade_Scorpion	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_of_Champions_(film)	Breakfast of Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amélie_(soundtrack)	Amélie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Wedding_Night	His Wedding Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Panama	Norman Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(1948_film)	Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Interceptor	Angel Interceptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Love_(Mystery_Jets_song)	Young Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_National_Congress	Indian National Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Ya_'Round	See Ya 'Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sōda!_We're_Alive	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1137263
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Blues	Miami Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Emmanuel_II,_Duke_of_Savoy	Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back_to_School	Fight Back to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mexico	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q93853
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steno_(director)	Stefano Vanzina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_McBride	Chi McBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(film)	Wild at Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Marshals	The Two Marshals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Hrs.	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q844887
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigskin_Parade	Pigskin Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopy_De_Loop	Loopy De Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goofs_and_Saddles	Goofs and Saddles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Gusev	Sergei Gusev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_actor	child actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Oakie	Jack Oakie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_(Jesse_McCartney_song)	Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gordon-Levitt	Joseph Gordon-Levitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannathil_Muthamittal	Kannathil Muthamittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMX_(rapper)	DMX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Wild	Days of Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severstal_Cherepovets	Severstal Cherepovets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Farnham	Joseph Farnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Blanket_Bingo	Beach Blanket Bingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Titanic_(film)	Raise the Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_industry	film industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Trysting_Place	His Trysting Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariq_Anwar_(film_editor)	Tariq Anwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthen_Rasithen	Parthen Rasithen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stewart_(actor)	Paul Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Walker	Lesley Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Kelly	Moira Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q65932
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percussion_instrument	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q133163
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowdy_Rathore	Rowdy Rathore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confessions_(film)	True Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Paget	Debra Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_or_No_(song)	Yes or No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(2004_film)	Twisted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristar_(film)	Tristar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Vitti	Monica Vitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sur_(film)	Big Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Faces_of_January_(film)	The Two Faces of January
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_Bigalow:_European_Gigolo	Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_Box_(song)	Paint Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q47164
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq	Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Like_a_Bird	Fly Like a Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Huntsman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q624603
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Volunteer	The Volunteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Marleen_(film)	Lili Marleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Circle_(film)	Columbus Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Ruttmann	Walter Ruttmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oooh.	Oooh.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_2_(Toby_Keith_album)	Greatest Hits 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_(company)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q739552
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Loggia	Robert Loggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storyville_(film)	Storyville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Ten_Yards	The Whole Ten Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Magnifique	Le Magnifique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin	Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organizer	The Organizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who'd_Have_Known	Who'd Have Known
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Fell_on_Henrietta	The Stars Fell on Henrietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Foster	Meg Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Piganovich	Oleg Piganovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Dickerson	Ernest Dickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_(1920_film)	The Scarecrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Sand_and_Fog_(film)	House of Sand and Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_Hugo	Everybody Loves Hugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Wellman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q290962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Black	The Bride Wore Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch	Lilo & Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_(film)	Mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_(2014_film)	Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laryngitis_(Glee)	Laryngitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimmy	Swimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Rendezvous	Dangerous Rendezvous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_(film)	Powder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Down_(Duran_Duran_song)	Falling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Faced_Woman	Two-Faced Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangam_(1964_Hindi_film)	Sangam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Floor_(1967_film)	The Seventh Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Adamson	Andrew Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcard_from_Paris	Postcard from Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adwaytham	Advaitham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Has_Two_Faces	The Mirror Has Two Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_President	The American President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Guys_Don't_Dance_(film)	Tough Guys Don't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Pink_Horse	Ride the Pink Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Women	City of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Hobson	Valerie Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Amedeo,_Duke_of_Aosta	Prince Amedeo, Duke of Aosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi	Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tramp_II	Royal Tramp II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise/Sunset_(Love_Is_All)	Sunrise/Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Stan	Big Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Shire	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q108622
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zillis-Reischen	Zillis-Reischen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Mothersbaugh	Mark Mothersbaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain's_Daughter_(film)	La figlia del capitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shopworn_Angel	The Shopworn Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhobi_Ghat_(film)	Dhobi Ghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_(1953_film)	The Great Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Mirror_(film)	Mirror Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_for_Peggy	Apartment for Peggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laramie_(TV_series)	Laramie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_coppie	Le coppie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joffrey_Baratheon	Joffrey Baratheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy_(2004_film)	Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happened_at_Midnight	What Happened at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekushey_Padak	Ekushey Padak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_(band)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189635
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Tox	D-Tox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Manners	David Manners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Wind	Cold Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Called_a_Heart	It's Called a Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Turbo	Power Rangers Turbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_with_You_(Michael_Jackson_song)	Rock with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Trouble	Women in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Harris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q513356
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Faris	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q4491
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sure_Know_Something	Sure Know Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_Guys	Stand Up Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Segal	George Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Davis_(cinematographer)	Ben Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Prince_(2015_film)	The Little Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Do_It	You Can Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brig	The Brig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candleshoe	Candleshoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaline_Trio	Alkaline Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiddlers_Three_(1948_film)	Fiddlers Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_White	Jules White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liolà_(film)	Liol\u00e0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Tucker	Tanya Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Windsor	Barbara Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stasera_a_casa_di_Alice	Stasera a casa di Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_&_Boys_(Blur_song)	Girls & Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cockleshell_Heroes	The Cockleshell Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_the_Turks	Nostra Signora dei Turchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_language	Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Wiig	Kristen Wiig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Deschanel	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q204672
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Wanna_Love_U_(Give_It_2_Me)	I Just Wanna Love U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Pennsylvania	The Prince of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(Mic_Geronimo_album)	Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate	The Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey's_Uncle	The Monkey's Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Gypsies_(film)	King of the Gypsies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chathikkatha_Chanthu	Chathikkatha Chanthu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_a_Jewess	Romance of a Jewess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_a.m._(Eminem_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2278938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Spoliansky	Mischa Spoliansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bakkabulindi	Charles Bakkabulindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairpins_(film)	Hairpins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_(1960_film)	Pollyanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_(1983_film)	Gabriela, Cravo e Canela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Year_of_13_Moons	In a Year of 13 Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Roberts	Joe Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Nitzsche	Jack Nitzsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eradicate_the_Doubt	Eradicate the Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naan_Avanillai_(1974_film)	Naan Avanillai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(The_Stranglers_album)	The Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Kendall	Kay Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_and_Blood	Trust and Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Lenox_(Her_Fall_and_Rise)	Susan Lenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(1941_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q318651
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaakki_Sattai	Kaakki Sattai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggfather	Doggfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_grandir	Plus grandir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russians_Are_Coming,_the_Russians_Are_Coming	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1215857
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid	Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_on_a_Wire_(film)	Bird on a Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Berle	Milton Berle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Butler_(writer)	Frank Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Enemies_and_Irritate_People	How to Make Enemies and Irritate People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_(1973_film)	Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entertainer_(film)	The Entertainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Hain_Bemisaal	Hum Hain Bemisaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramones_(Screeching_Weasel_album)	Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Conti	Bill Conti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lash_(1930_film)	The Lash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonkers,_New_York	Yonkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._P._Venkatesh	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q7387760
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarak_Ben_Ammar	Tarak Ben Ammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street_(1994_film)	Miracle on 34th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Loginov_(ice_hockey)	Vladimir Loginov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confession	True Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortal_Instruments:_City_of_Bones	The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_It_a_Day	Call It a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tavera	Michael Tavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Rainger	Ralph Rainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukkamala	Mukkamala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(Five_Star_album)	Between the Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Lynton	Letty Lynton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim_(1961_film)	Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Kidd	Joe Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pillow_of_Winds	A Pillow of Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Close_Range	At Close Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artie_Lange	Artie Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fascist	The Fascist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Blaustein	Julian Blaustein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(1998_film)	Dirty Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy,_Stupid,_Love	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q519490
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comancheros_(film)	The Comancheros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Alive_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)	I'm Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debi_Mazar	Debi Mazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Sight	Out of Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Pidgeon	Walter Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Corcoran	Kevin Corcoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._2..._Hard_Knock_Life	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2455314
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_First_Time_(The_Script_song)	For the First Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Justin_Bieber_song)	Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Knew_Women	He Knew Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bucket_List	The Bucket List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(1962_film)	Gypsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Predators	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q207980
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Never_Repeats	History Never Repeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagaku_Sentai_Dynaman	Kagaku Sentai Dynaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Frank,_Jr.	Harriet Frank, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_and_Them_(song)	Us and Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophecy_(Mami_Kawada_song)	Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaungsithu	Alaungsithu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Possible_Pasts	Your Possible Pasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Hills_and_Far_Away_(Led_Zeppelin_song)	Over the Hills and Far Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niklas_Hagman	Niklas Hagman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_(actress)	Lakshmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cale	John Cale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q43874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfortably_Numb	Comfortably Numb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stevenson_(actor)	Ray Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Road	The Happy Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_in_Orbit	The Three Stooges in Orbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Heung	Jimmy Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Kiya_To_Darna_Kya_(1998_film)	Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Chow	Raymond Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Boys_(And_the_Winner_Is)...	Roc Boys (And the Winner Is)...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Love_of_Martha_Ivers	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Puff_Daddy_album)	Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream,_Dream	Dream, Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air,_Los_Angeles	Bel Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abie's_Irish_Rose_(1928_film)	Abie's Irish Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nile_Song	The Nile Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokaikko_Junjō	Tokaikko Junjō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_Returns	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q320461
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennio_Guarnieri	Ennio Guarnieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookin'_to_Get_Out	Lookin' to Get Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile/Jirenma	Fragile/Jirenma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Gimme_Somethin'_I'm_Used_To	Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes_Super_Stars'_Daffy_Duck:_Frustrated_Fowl	Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vipra_Narayana	Vipra Narayana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_for_the_Prosecution_(1957_film)	Witness for the Prosecution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jones_(film_producer)	Paul Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Walsh	Joe Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Is_King	Rock 'n' Roll Is King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padma_Shri	Padma Shri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Prince	Fugitive Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_Made_Me_Happy	Finally Made Me Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_(genre)	Western
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Match_Factory_Girl	The Match Factory Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_(1916_film)	Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Arrest_(film)	House Arrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Groomed_Bride	The Well-Groomed Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Dangerous_Ground	On Dangerous Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Real_(James_Brown_song)	I'm Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Land	The Young Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka	Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidentially_Yours	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q759324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Buddies	Santa Buddies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River	Mississippi River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Knight_(film)	The Black Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hermetic_Organ	The Hermetic Organ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_January_Man	The January Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_It's_You_(film)	Baby It's You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brun	Michael Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L-Shaped_Room	The L-Shaped Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Quartet	Sex Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Momma's_House_2	Big Momma's House 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_Music	Machete Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen	Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmogony_(song)	Cosmogony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muse_(1999_film)	The Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_of_Hope	Path of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillo_Pontecorvo	Gillo Pontecorvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil:_Worlds_Away	Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Ek_Juaa	Zindagi Ek Juaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daliah_Lavi	Daliah Lavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatty_and_Mabel_Adrift	Fatty and Mabel Adrift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_Party_(United_States)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q29468
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money,_Power_&_Respect_(song)	Money, Power & Respect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamehameha_III	Kamehameha III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Christie_(1930_English-language_film)	Anna Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hearts_(video_game)	Kingdom Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_at_Oxford	A Yank at Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadgati	Sadgati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tees_Maar_Khan_(2010_film)	Tees Maar Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_(1940_film)	Go West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Number	Dangerous Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubhayathra	Shubhayathra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_When_Wet	Dangerous When Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_(film)	Django
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfecto_Records	Perfecto Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharin_no_Uta	Sharin no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop	Beverly Hills Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_of_Wolves	The Company of Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti	Haiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Youth	Lost Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaj_Kamal_Films_International	Raaj Kamal Films International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facciamo_paradiso	Facciamo paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informant!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q604083
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder	Billy Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Eyre	Richard Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_in_Black	The Spy in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_We_Be_Silent%3F	Should We Be Silent?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_Party_(UK)	Labour Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol-fa_(album)	Sol-fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocker_(film)	Shocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush…_Hush,_Sweet_Charlotte	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q631947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_(Jimmy_Wayne_song)	I Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat_(1921_film)	The Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Underwood	Blair Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_a_Poppin	Guns a Poppin!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommen_Baratheon	Tommen Baratheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Rennahan	Ray Rennahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Free_(song)	Absolutely Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_(musician)	hide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Mayer	Carl Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_College_of_New_York	City College of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghayal_Once_Again	Ghayal Once Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Raid_Wardens	Air Raid Wardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husayn_ibn_Ali	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q112128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland	Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Over,_Darling	Move Over, Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narapatisithu	Narapatisithu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homesick_(MercyMe_song)	Homesick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dookudu	Dookudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Still_Kill	I'll Still Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_(film)	The Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1939_film)	The Hound of the Baskervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_(Gackt_album)	Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relic_(film)	The Relic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Élie_Chouraqui	Élie Chouraqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sridevi	Sridevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirumalai	Thirumalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_Case_(song)	Basket Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(1986_film)	Big Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Wood_Pigeon	Red Wood Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tightrope_(film)	Tightrope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palm_Beach_Story	The Palm Beach Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_I_Have_It_Like_That	Can I Have It Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Mess_with_the_Zohan	You Don't Mess with the Zohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Into_You	Still Into You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morgan_(director)	William Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mist_(film)	The Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Lylah_Clare	The Legend of Lylah Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)	Closer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Invisible_Children	All the Invisible Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Rogers	Charley Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Intersect	Chuck Versus the Intersect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Know	Eye Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev_Anand	Dev Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Time	Fine Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santosh_Thundiyil	Santosh Thundiyil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerlan_Sagymbayev	Yerlan Sagymbayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harvey_Girls	The Harvey Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cid_(film)	El Cid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ironside	Michael Ironside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Press	Viking Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_al_Mamun	Abdullah al Mamun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Factory	Acid Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Crossing	Cuba Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yordan	Philip Yordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackguard	The Blackguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaji_Motion_Pictures	Balaji Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_(film)	Rio Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_2:_The_Mysterious_Island	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q211545
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_No_One	The Son of No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(2014_film)	Endless Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_All_the_Way	Jingle All the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_II	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q109331
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavithra	Pavithra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Cristaldi	Franco Cristaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Laviņš	Rodrigo Laviņš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Fast_and_the_Furry	Tom and Jerry: The Fast and the Furry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobsters	Mobsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Mountain_(1973_film)	The Holy Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Betty	Nurse Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Touch_(Mike_Oldfield_song)	Magic Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_(1974_film)	Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catelyn_Stark	Catelyn Stark-Tully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_van_de_Sande	Theo van de Sande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Alley_(film)	Nightmare Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(2007_film)	Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrot_le_Fou	Pierrot le Fou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_on_the_Edge_of_Time	Warrior on the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotions_(Mariah_Carey_song)	Emotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Benjamin	Breaking Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Russell	Rosalind Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huntsman:_Winter's_War	The Huntsman: Winter's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Mooseport	Welcome to Mooseport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithfully_Yours_(1984_film)	Unfaithfully Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_(film)	Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_(film)	Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(1941_film)	Back Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_language	Tamil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_26	Special 26
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loop_&_Loop	Loop & Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_She_Ain't	Nice She Ain't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Messages	Secret Messages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night	That Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_Clothes	Change Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Sorkin	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q299194
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Detectives	Dizzy Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Recordings	Regal Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_War	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q134949
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdemar_II_of_Denmark	Valdemar II of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Pavements	Lady of the Pavements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Stars	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208652
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_1999	East 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_Together_(song)	Join Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Rose	Reginald Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandrs_Ņiživijs	Aleksandrs Ņiživijs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub	Jerry Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_2	Jaws 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batdance	Batdance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Anderson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q223687
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_of_the_Reconstruction	Fables of the Reconstruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Conan:_The_Private_Eyes'_Requiem	Detective Conan: The Private Eyes' Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Grot	Denis Grot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirish_Kunder	Shirish Kunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_John	Georg John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Cowboy	Urban Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames	Dames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,000_Years_in_Sing_Sing	20,000 Years in Sing Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn_(1939_film)	The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(Björk_song)	Virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Unkind	Love's Unkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Rivers_to_Cross	Many Rivers to Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Bits_of_Mr._Bean	The Best Bits of Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Lady_in_Ermine	That Lady in Ermine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Heart	Dear Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Children_(film)	Little Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner	Guinevere Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitali_Silitski	Vitali Silitski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_4	Lethal Weapon 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird_(film)	To Kill a Mockingbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_(1920_film)	One Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustaad	Ustaad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_(song)	Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Kelly	Patsy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_by_Me	Baby by Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Kozlov	Viktor Kozlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_(musician)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q483203
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_V._Johnson	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q661079
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudioCanal_UK	StudioCanal UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(song)	The Song Remains the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Cabby	Carry On Cabby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabangg_2	Dabangg 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Monahan	William Monahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertow_(The_Killing)	Undertow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_as_Catch_Can_(1967_film)	Catch as Catch Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_After_Time_(Cyndi_Lauper_song)	Time After Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitali_Prokhorov	Vitali Prokhorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Pink	Bonnie Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Drake_song)	Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Macht	Gabriel Macht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Last_Werdz	Any Last Werdz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess:_School's_Out	Recess: School's Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Holland_(director)	Tom Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC_Sibir_Novosibirsk	Sibir Novosibirsk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbor_Day_(film)	Arbor Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Double	Body Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Road_(Lost)	Two for the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_on_Rome_(film)	March on Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Nashville	Republic Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Reign_o'er_Me	Love, Reign o'er Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_(2001_film)	Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Pleasence	Donald Pleasence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_May	Seven Days in May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herrmann	Edward Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_(film)	Lenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannamoochi_Yenada	Kannamoochi Yenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_F._Kress	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q325190
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_(1995_film)	Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Dinosaurs	Valley of the Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(film)	Walkabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Taylor	Rod Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Diaz	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q44380
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Oxen	Black Oxen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulhan_Hum_Le_Jayenge	Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA_Records	RCA Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neeraj_Vora	Neeraj Vora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick_Avari	Erick Avari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Want_to_See_the_Boy_Happy	I Just Want to See the Boy Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_January_(1936_film)	Captain January
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5	Babylon 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Bender's_Big_Score	Futurama: Bender's Big Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ryan	Robert Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_and_the_Stranger	Rachel and the Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Fire_(1987_film)	Man on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Wayne	Lil Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Gitai	Amos Gitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter_(band)	Scooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_Wonders	Massive Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphaville_(film)	Alphaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Kastner	Elliott Kastner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gábor_Pogány	Gábor Pogány
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Stuhr	Jerzy Stuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_and_the_Flying_Dutchman	Pandora and the Flying Dutchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!_(album)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1566338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Collins_(actor)	Ray Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._A._Rajkumar	S. A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_of_Many_Tails	Cat of Many Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefon_(film)	Telefon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Dillon	Matt Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon_Books	Pantheon Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_and_Scream_Again	Scream and Scream Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Little_Indian_Records	One Little Indian Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_(Loudon_Wainwright_III_album)	History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man's_Cave	Old Man's Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Company	Toei Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky	Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_You've_Been_Gone_(film)	Since You've Been Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume_(Japanese_band)	Perfume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slattery's_Hurricane	Slattery's Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1830m	1830m
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sarrazin	Michael Sarrazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identification_of_a_Woman	Identification of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q219150
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryn_Okada	Daryn Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Goodman	Miles Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punisher:_War_Zone	Punisher: War Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angora_Love	Angora Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Moonjean	Hank Moonjean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Shadows_in_the_South_Seas	White Shadows in the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperfectly	Imperfectly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_Pisier	Marie-France Pisier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Me_Ames	No Me Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell,_Book_and_Candle	Bell, Book and Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_(film)	Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Core	The Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeycomb_(film)	Honeycomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_Blue%3F	Am I Blue?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Monroe	Marilyn Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaishankar	Jaishankar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe_(novel_series)	Richard Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_Tyler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q168763
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgiven_(1960_film)	The Unforgiven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straw_Dogs_(1971_film)	Straw Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Cat_Dancing_(film)	The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Russia_with_Love_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q106571
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Greenbury	Christopher Greenbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Long_Shadows	House of the Long Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai_Meri_Jaan	Mumbai Meri Jaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farishtay	Farishtay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_language	Polish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Yorkin	Bud Yorkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain_and_Mabel	Cain and Mabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Mother_(1912_film)	The Eternal Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Lights	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q238211
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Fire	In the Line of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Warrior_(film)	The Ultimate Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Nicolai	Bruno Nicolai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Williams	Kenneth Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhandled_(1924_film)	Manhandled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Fisenko	Misha Fisenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Bressart	Felix Bressart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tie_That_Binds_(1995_film)	The Tie That Binds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Live_(album)	War Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Keczmer	Dan Keczmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_a_Dream%3F	Is It a Dream?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Pain_and_the_Whole_Damn_Thing	Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_Mars	Girl from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Jack	Yellow Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Healing_Nicely	Everything Is Healing Nicely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Bridges	Beau Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_De_Santis	Giuseppe De Santis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Ones	The Proud Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjabis	Punjabi people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Morgan	Dennis Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_to_Me_(Vanessa_Hudgens_song)	Come Back to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkmate_(B.G._album)	Checkmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Show	Live Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City	Salt Lake City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostiantyn_Simchuk	Kostiantyn Simchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aozora_Pedal	Aozora Pedal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Row_Records	Death Row Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Woman	American Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sax-a-Go-Go	Sax-a-Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faded_(Tyga_song)	Faded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karthik_(actor)	Karthik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Markov	Danny Markov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rechukka	Rechukka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mnemonic_(film)	Johnny Mnemonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaante	Kaante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_After_Next	Friday After Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wide_Blue_Road	La grande strada azzurra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitin'_to_Inhale	Waitin' to Inhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_I_of_Portugal	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q158874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Nana_Shō_'Utsukushikutte_Gomen_ne'	Dai Nana Sh\u014d 'Utsukushikutte Gomen ne'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Misher	Kevin Misher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle	Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Apart_(film)	A World Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_(1915_film)	The Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_metal	alternative metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Tisch	Steve Tisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Young:_Heart_of_Gold	Neil Young: Heart of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Power_(Hey!_Say!_JUMP)	Magic Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Raisky	Andrei Raisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Radulov	Alexander Radulov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_on_Tuesday	Never on Tuesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_the_Sickness	Down with the Sickness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Wallach	Eli Wallach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Harry_Nilsson_(And_Why_Is_Everybody_Talkin'_About_Him)%3F	Who Is Harry Nilsson (And Why Is Everybody Talkin' About Him)?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beercan_(song)	Beercan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_to_Pay!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3520615
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Nikulin_(ice_hockey)	Alexander Nikulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Belushi	John Belushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer-songwriter	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q488205
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straight_Story	The Straight Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Friday:_Roman_Reloaded_–_The_Re-Up	Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1952_film)	Lone Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Your_Work	I Love Your Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Brown	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q155700
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Sunshine_of_the_Spotless_Mind	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q208269
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_King	Graham King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timecode_(film)	Timecode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharani_(director)	Dharani Director
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Kosmachev	Dmitri Kosmachev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick_It_Up_(song)	Lick It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Stark	Eddard Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skirt,_Hirari	Skirt, Hirari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Siena	Fiat Siena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Freighter	The Phantom Freighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(The_Zutons_song)	Remember Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_My_Name%3F_(Rihanna_song)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q16051784
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helpmates	Helpmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/André_de_Toth	André de Toth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shady_Records	Shady Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara,_Hiawatha	Sayonara, Hiawatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Crane	The Magic Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstitious_(song)	Superstitious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagni_di_scuola	Compagni di scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Train_(film)	Runaway Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diggstown	Diggstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_2	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q221947
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(1976_film)	Assault on Precinct 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_(Jay_Sean_song)	Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_(song)	The Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_the_Time	Find the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweethearts_(1938_film)	Sweethearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Deal_(1948_film)	Raw Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Burton	Charlotte Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Bogart	Humphrey Bogart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Priestley	Jason Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Knotts	Don Knotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_(film)	Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_no_Tame_ni_Boku_ga_Iru	Kimi no Tame ni Boku ga Iru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Schneider	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q192217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dramatic_School_(film)	Dramatic School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchathantiram	Panchathantiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Haasan	Kamal Haasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depeche_Mode	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q482964
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Nyanzi	Vincent Nyanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Geese	The Wild Geese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pluto_Nash	The Adventures of Pluto Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Plant	Robert Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humayun_Azad	Humayun Azad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_(1971_film)	The Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Electric_Mist	In the Electric Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendence_(2014_film)	Transcendence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake_and_Ramblin'_Man	Rake and Ramblin' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_from_Left_Field	The Kid from Left Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Azaria	Hank Azaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_(1945_film)	Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Sea_(Lost)	Across the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCabe_&_Mrs._Miller	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1423362
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Baldwin	Daniel Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_White	Leo White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Oldman	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q83492
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Shtaiger	Evgeny Shtaiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Tracks	Wagon Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jones	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q189895
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(2006_film)	Pulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buono!	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q1010190
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Bates	Bert Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlecat_(record_producer)	Battlecat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duel_(2000_film)	The Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_the_Father_(2002_film)	Sins of the Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_(2005_film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Versus_the_Third_Dimension	Chuck Versus the Third Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_in_This_Together	We're in This Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoo_Be_Doo	Shoo Be Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Extremely_Goofy_Movie	An Extremely Goofy Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_McGuire	Dorothy McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhora_Harutyunyan	Zhora Harutyunyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Simpson	Charlie Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Calls_(1978_film)	House Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Matthews_(actor)	Francis Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Pratt	Chris Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Blyth	Ann Blyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brink's_Job	The Brink's Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siodmak	Robert Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Writer	Lady Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detto_Mariano	Detto Mariano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doli_Saja_Ke_Rakhna	Doli Saja Ke Rakhna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Run_to_You	I Run to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Body's_Callin'	Your Body's Callin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illeana_Douglas	Illeana Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daata	Daata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_and_the_Invisibles	Arthur and the Minimoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Little_Indians_(1965_film)	Ten Little Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperback_Writer	Paperback Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayak_(2001_film)	Nayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Parker	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q550819
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shakespeare	William Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Ballerina	The Glass Ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_(New_Order_song)	Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_Your_Life	Defending Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(film)	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q200804
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Can't_Help_It	The Girl Can't Help It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_(Lost)	Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syriana	Syriana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10.5_(miniseries)	10.5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Buddies	Air Buddies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Iommi	Tony Iommi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Wing	The West Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gandolfini	James Gandolfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Milian	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q230501
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_Woman	Marked Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_King	If I Were King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Is_a_City	Hell Is a City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagemaster	The Pagemaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parklife_(song)	Parklife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aruna_Irani	Aruna Irani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_(Drake_song)	Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjabi_language	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q58635
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Boikov	Alexander Boikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Play_(1978_film)	Power Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murderer_Is_a_Fox	The Murderer is a Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unmarried_Woman	An Unmarried Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parrott	James Parrott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(2013_film)	Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Bones	Funny Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_(Arcade_Fire_song)	Wake Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Huston	Jack Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Register	Sam Register
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Noise_from_the_Deep	A Noise from the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_the_Dust_(film)	Ask the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PXR5	PXR5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baadal	Baadal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_Horse_(film)	Gift Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_Attraction	Laws of Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Schlossberg	Hayden Schlossberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Z	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q62766
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_to_Burn	Picture to Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_a_Million	Thanks a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Keith	Brian Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Milenge	Phir Milenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Violence	A History of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Danny_Wilson_(film)	Meet Danny Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_School_of_Economics	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q174570
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Chenery	Penny Chenery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_of_Punishment	Walk of Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cincinnati_Kid	The Cincinnati Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Glee)	Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_(film)	The Cat in the Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing,_Baby,_Sing	Sing, Baby, Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty:_A_Dog's_Tale	Rusty: A Dog's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazze_Pha	Jazze Pha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thodi_Life_Thoda_Magic	Thodi Life Thoda Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvano_Ippoliti	Silvano Ippoliti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Camillo_in_Moscow	Don Camillo in Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hell_(film)	Green Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_(actor)	Napoleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Empire_(film)	Inland Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mic_Geronimo	Mic Geronimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Big!	Be Big!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Distance_Left_to_Run	No Distance Left to Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_2nd_(film)	Beethoven's 2nd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansha_Kangeki_Ame_Arashi	Kansha Kangeki Ame Arashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(miniseries)	Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Carrière	Jean-Claude Carrière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Away_(Lenny_Kravitz_song)	Fly Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Konrad	Cathy Konrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Ahmanson	Robert H. Ahmanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Phillips	Todd Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Harron	Mary Harron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(1927_film)	Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q217037
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(1989_film)	Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Criminal_Intent	Law & Order: Criminal Intent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Records	J Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_3	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q327713
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholay	Sholay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1952_film)	The Prisoner of Zenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limit_(1931_film)	No Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Has_Wings	The Lion Has Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_(film)	Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oklahoma_Kid	The Oklahoma Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velaikaran	Velaikaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Mayorov	Maksim Mayorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkFilm	THINKFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Eighth_Annual_Collection	The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Eighth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher	Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santhanagopalam	Santhanagopalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lasseter	John Lasseter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._H._Greenwood	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q3181640
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Birch	Thora Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miss_Dove	Good Morning, Miss Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Workweek	The 4-Hour Workweek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Generation_(1979_film)	The Third Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Nicholson	James H. Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Robots_(EP)	Music For Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauco	Cauco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burningn'n_Tree	Burningn'n Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Anderson	Gerry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_the_Benjamins	All About the Benjamins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LL_Cool_J	LL Cool J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Congeniality_(film)	Miss Congeniality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Knopfler	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planetarium_(Bump_of_Chicken_song)	Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_gris	Pinot gris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Fitzgerald	Barry Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Kennedy	Burt Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Archer	Anne Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Brimley	Wilford Brimley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Fire	Hearts of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Hope	Ted Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukka_Hentunen	Jukka Hentunen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Country	The Beautiful Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(2011_film)	Conan the Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_(film)	Grand Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Pacific_(1926_film)	Across the Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crater_101	Crater 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Problem_(2010_film)	No Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Age_of_Extinction	Transformers: Age of Extinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policarpo_(film)	Policarpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosset_&_Dunlap	Grosset & Dunlap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoodlum_Saint	The Hoodlum Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Successo	Il Successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Fleder	Gary Fleder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee	Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_Cervi	Gino Cervi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malayalam	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q36236
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Celi	Adolfo Celi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_DeFore	Don DeFore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Alexander_Brown	Barry Alexander Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheap_Detective	The Cheap Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John	Elton John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meenakshi_Seshadri	Meenakshi Seshadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylène_Farmer	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q185002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Three_Loves	The Story of Three Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ford	Paul Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Idiot_Brother	Our Idiot Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_the_Beat	We Got the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duvall	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q171736
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Brodine	Norbert Brodine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Verdoux	Monsieur Verdoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_David	Larry David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Travers	Bill Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Jeunet	http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q217324
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obsolete_Man	The Obsolete Man
